Two and a half years ago I was in dire financial straights, so I sold my home to keep my struggling business afloat. I neglected to tell the owners that they have an 800 sq. ft. bunker on the property that I built about seven years ago. The bunker that I've called home since I sold it. The entrance to it is well-hidden, but I still come and go very early/very late in the day.  I'm a single man who keeps to himself. I'm now in a situation where I could move somewhere else, but I love this hidden paradise so much. [deleted] Can you post a pic of the bunker? I kinda want to see what it looks like Nice try, new homeowners. That is so. fucking. awesome. Obviously you shouldn't post the outside but just some interior photos would be sick. So I'm assuming you're stealing their wifi right now? [Background, I'm a guy in my late 20s who was taken into care aged 7.]
Everyone around me already knows that I was brought up by foster families because I had a shit early childhood. I deliberately keep it vague and say stuff like "I'd rather not go into it" so that people will just assume I was abused in some way and they'll stop asking about it.  The truth is that for the first 7 years of my life, I was brought up as a girl by my pshyco birth mother who really really really wanted a daughter and didn't let the snag of giving birth to a boy stop her from trying to raise one.  She was a pretty successful professional in a legal field (not entirely sure what) and had me via anonymous sperm donor from a fertility clinic. She found out i was a boy at a late ultrasound and then moved across the country. Gave birth to me at home and continued to move about until I was 5 or so. It was just the two of us all my life, we had contact with other people, of course, but they rarely got very close. I had lots of friends, but was always supervised. I found out way way after that my mother's strong puritanical christianity was a lie she used to explain why she was so strict about me being 'private' and never letting anyone see me get changed or anything. i just acccepted all of this as fact, having never been told anything different.  I was sent to a religious school for girls and had a really great childhood. i was a bit of a tomboy, and played with lego and toy animals, rather than dolls and stuff, but that's not unusual and no one ever questioned i was a girl - even me. Iknew about men and women, but had never really seen much of naked people. my mother never ever spoke to me about it, but i kinda had the impression that when i grew up and got boobs and stuff, my dick would kinda fall off or something and i would be a woman, and other kids would keep their dicks and they'd be men. I dunno, to be honest, i never really thought about it Anyway, I carried on with my happy girlhood, and had a bunch of friends and everything was great until i was 7 and a teacher accidentally spilled a cup of hot coffee over me at school. the liquid soaked through my clothes and was scalding me so the staff immediately stripped me out of my dress and underwar to get the hot coffee away from my skin. And then they found out.  the cops were called and i got taken to speak with who i guess would be Social Services. they asked me a bunch of questions about life at home and stuff. meanwhile, my mother was taken in for questioning too.   she refused to acknowledge me as male and insisted i was her daughter. because she was, y'know, delusional and stuff, i wasn't allowed to go back home but got put with a foster family and went through loads of therapy and stuff.  The worst part was that literally overnight, i lost EVERYTHING. my mother, my home, all my toys, all my clothes, i moved school so lost all my friends, they cut all my hair off and told me i wasn't a girl any more. it was really really traumatic.  the first forster home wasn't that great. they had three boys already and going from a sheltered 'releigious' only-child upbringing to a rough-and-tumble testosterone-filled environment was really difficult. they tried to force me to e masculine and i was just too confused about what they wanted. anything 'girly' was reprimanded and i felt so lost and alone because nothing i did was right. i tried to commit suicide when i was 11 and again at 13 becuase i didn't feel i fitted in anywhere.  After the second attempt, they moved me to a different foster family who were awesome. I consider them to be my parents. they actually stood up for me, the first thing was that they et me grow my hair. from when i got taken into care, they buzzed my hair short, and i hated it. they always had to hold me down and do it forcably while i was crying and fighting. my new parents flatly refused to do it and said that loads of boys had long hair. they also let me quit karate and football and take up swimming and jazz dance. since i'd been in care, no one had ever stood up for my right to choose what activities to do, or how to dress before. it was amazing.  in the end, i came out of it with a pretty healthy gender identity (i'm a guy, but not th emost butch guy ever, but i'm fine with that), I went through school and got my degree and have a pretty good job and an amazing, supportive wife. everythign looks great. but i can never speak about my early childhood, and how i grw up as a little girl. TL;RD: I'm a guy and let people believe i was raised in care because i was abused when in fact i had a great childhood except that my mother tried to raise me as a girl. EDIT: holy crap, I never expected such a response. Have finally remembered the password I used for this account and am answering any questions I find. Thank you, reddit! Amazing story. Glad you turned out okay. Thanks. I'm just starting to do some volunteer stuff with kids who need people to talk to. I had a LOT of therapy and stuff growing up, much of which was entirely inappropriate (i was in group therapy for kids who were abused at home - but I don't consider myself to have been abused!) and I think that although it was often annoying/'pointless' at the time, it really did help a lot.  What I mean to say is that, yes, i think i've turned out alrightish, but it took an awful lot of time and effort to become 'alright'! I thought this was very interesting, and I'm just curious - did you ever tell your wife? yes, my wife knows all about it. and a couple of very very close friends. i'm deliberately vague with most other people, if it's brought up at all. I know it's a bit of a lie, but I prefer to let people assume i must have been badly abused than to start a huge long conversation about my gender/sexual orientation. Holy crap. That must have been horrible: finding out you were not a girl, losing your mom, moving... all at once. It's a wonder you survived it. Girl or guy, you're a really strong person.  wow, yeah. that's exactly what it was. Overnight, I just lost EVERYTHING, even my personal identity. It was pretty awful for a young kid!  I think, when people see stories of abused kids and they say "why weren't they taken away from the parents sooner?" they don't really realise how hard it is for kids to lose everything, even though they're being 'rescued'. kids just want things to stay safe and familiar. I loved my mother intensely, and as far as i was concerned, when i was 7, i'd been kidnapped by strangers! It took a very long time to fully realise what she did to me, and even longer to 'let go' of loving her! I speak two languages so every time I received a new essay I would browse the topic in my own language and translate the text word-by-word to English then submitted it.  No one ever caught me for plagiarism before. half of europe does this Not us Brits though. Learn another language? Don't make me laugh. I cut off all contact with everyone I know and moved to Kenya, I tell people a fake name and a fake background and have made it appear to my family that I died on boat trip in the Pacific. No I am not joking. I am dead in the United States.  TUPAC??????? AMA? Dave Chapelle? This was short and sweet, but I think my favorite.  It's just fucking cool.  Why'd you want to make it appear that you died, though? I run a cake business. I charge people hundreds for wedding cakes... Every last one is made using Pilsbury cake mix I buy for $1 a box at Walmart. 
I suck at baking. Every time I've ever tried to make a cake from scratch it sucked. 
But baking is like.. My whole deal. My friends all call me the cake girl. It's like my whole life is a lie. 
People compliment my cakes all the time. Telling me how delicious they are. Telling me it's so much better than box mix cake. Telling me they could never bake a cake so delicious. 
Well guess what? For $1, they too can make a cake just as delicious. Just add oil, eggs and water. 
In my defense, I love cake decorating. I make all of the frostings and fondant from scratch. I just hate baking fucking cakes!! I base my prices mostly on the decoration of the cakes and not of the cake itself of that makes sense. Still...
No one knows about this except my husband. Even my best friends think I fucking slave over the oven mixing and baking these damn cakes. I have been doing this for YEARS. 
If anyone knew my business and reputation would be in the toilet for sure. :/
I keep telling myself I have to learn how to make the damn cakes without the box mixes, but I never do it. I feel like such a sham sometimes.  Edit-holy shit I didn't expect such a response to this! I feel better about it thanks to a lot of these comments!  Funny, I started this account as a novelty account and got bored of googling random cakes to post as comments lol
Seemed perfect for this confession!!! Edit 2: months later I receive messages almost daily on this account. I am so glad I used a throwaway. I forget to check this account most of the time and rarely see this stuff until weeks later.  That said, to answer the main questions- yes I know I can order cake mix online, but I don't make enough cakes for it to be economical. It's actually more expensive to order online. 
Honestly, I'm not incredibly worried about people seeing me anymore. If I ran into someone I would tell them that I was helping my niece with a bake sale or something.  I have, since this thread, made some cakes from scratch. I'm still using box mixes for chocolate and vanilla. Oh and red velvet because fuck all of that.  Let's see what else, oh right, I've received probably 100 comments saying "The cake is a lie." We get it. It's very clever, but no, I'm sorry, you're not the first, second, third or twentieth to say it.  Overall, I've learned this is actually pretty normal. And that people from all over the world have a friend who makes cakes and they all think I am their friend. So far no one has pinned me, but you guys had better check your friend's cabinets for Pilsbury mix ;) How does Walmart not notice you pushing a cart out with hundreds of boxes of $1 cake mix? Haha well, I'm a home based business, so I usually at most am buying 10-20 boxes at a time. I usually line the bottom of the cart with cake mix and then put all my other stuff on top. Like 10 bags of powdered sugar... Then I use the self check out in shame and stack the boxes in my black canvas shopping bags.  My worst fear is running into someone I know  (or worse yet, whoever the cake is for) while I'm there with all these boxes of cake mix!! That's why I act all shady about it lol I personally think this is a brilliant business model, but why not send your husband for the cake mix, might not be feasible all the time, but it would save on the possibility of being caught. This is genius. If you meet someone just tell them that you're doing a charity bake thing and that you just don't have the time to make your normal cakes for them so you're getting a friend to come into your shop and whip up a few dozen of these! I love you a little bit. PM your shop and I'll order from you forever. At least there was no incest in this one. Yeah, I'm upvoting everyone in this thread just because there's no incest, cum boxes, or shit-on friends. I needed a break, of course I could stop reading, hahaha, right.. This thread is mesmerizing, like watching a car wreck in slo-mo. I swear I spent more time reading this stuff today then doing anything else! I even read it while I was baking my fake ass cakes earlier!! I bet your 'fake' cakes are amazing - the cake is just scaffolding. Fondant, frosting and decorating is the good part, I think your focus is spot on! The cake. It's a lie. This is the only case where this line is relevant and not fucking annoying. Hats off. I am a culinary student, and a mighty fine baker. My baking instructor taught us that MANY bakers/ bakeries/ catering companies/ restaurants use cake mix, and why use cake mix? Its quite simple, its what we expect. If you make a cake from scratch, it has a totally different flavor, different textures and other little things. As Americans we expect cakes to taste like boxed cake mix. If we went to Europe, you would be shunned. Dont feel bad, if you can ice a cake, you have my respect.    That makes me feel better haha.
I'm awesome at making pies and tarts and such. And I'm completely 100% self taught. 
I make pie crusts that make people freak out. People tell me my pies are better than their mothers. That makes me feel good about myself since I make all that. I just could never get that cake thing down... You're the biggest monster in this thread! I know man!! Ok, so this is a secret I've kept for nearly 20 years. During the summers when I was growing up, my parents would often leave my brother and I(I'm male) with our aunt and uncle who lived out in the country. It was great as they had 4 sons of ages close to ours so we had a lot of fun doing kids stuff.  One summer when I was 8, the oldest cousin was maybe 16. We somehow got talking and he asked me if I wanted to sleep in his room that night. He has the nicest room and bed so I was all for it. Got into bed and he asked if he could touch my penis. I was 8 and just thought it was ok so I let him. He rubs it for a bit and then asks me to do the same to him. So I do. This progresses and eventually I'm sucking his cock. I think I knew this was wrong so I said I didn't want to carry on. We stop and I goto sleep quite confused. I wake up and he hands me some money and tells me never to tell anyone about what happened. Next night he tries to do the same thing.. But now all I care about is the money. So I do it. This carried on for 2 summers. Eventually I got old enough to realize it was quite wrong regardless of the money and stopped.  I've not told anyone this. He's now married with 2 kids. I'm also married and we see them sometimes at family events. I don't have the balls to even try and talk to him about it.. Hell I'm not even sure what I'd say. I'm sure this will get buried but just getting it off my chest makes me feel better. Tldr I was a gay child hooker. God the TLDR just wrapped it up so beautifully. There is a TLDR i thought i was never gunna read.....despite your story, i fucking laughed so hard at that..... [deleted] This just made me realize that future presidents are probably on facebook and twitter right now "runin for senitur! #YOLO!" I got this. Fuck, this picture exists of one of our past presidents and current secretary of state.  And that's from before the advent of digital cameras and the internet. Political smear campaigns are going to only get more and more amusing as time goes on.  Especially in, say, 20 years or so. "James Ferrel tweeted in 2009 that "[He] wuld sooooo tap dat a$$". Can we trust him to not tap into our resources for his own gain? Paid for by Gregory Jameson for President." "Gregory Jameson would have you believe that he's a wholesome guy, but according to a Reddit post from 2012 he ejaculated into a shoe box for years and tried to set it on fire. Does that sound wholesome to you? Didn't think so. Gregory Jameson: not even once. Paid for by Angus T. Jones for president" (it's gonna happen, it is inevitibruh) "Gregory Jameson didn't like that picture of the little girl with cancer. She needed just one more like for her surgery. He doesn't care about little girls with cancer, why would he care about you? Paid for by People for James Ferrel." I want to burn one with college Bill. Pics or it didn't happen. Just kidding Chris Hanson. I once helped out my a female friend's family by taking care of their cat for a week. Every day for a week, I would go over there and snoop around their house. I found my friend's diary, and proceeded to read the entire thing. I used this information to get her to like me, and she is currently my wife. This is literally the juciest secret in this thread for some reason. Not totally bland, but not overly obscene. Probably because this is something I could actually picture any person doing if given the chance. I agree.  It is not particularly evil, but it is a misdeed that completely altered that guy's life.  Honestly, it sounds like a pitch for a mediocre romantic comedy. Guy manipulates girl into liking him. They fall in love. Girl finds out what guy did. They break up. Guy wins girl back. Credits roll.  I feel like I've seen this movie already Cat wins supporting actor of the year No, after they fall in love, he is haunted by what he did and spends the rest of his life with her, descending into madness. Now that's a movie I'd like to watch. Sounds like the Korean version only, its secretly his daughter Call John Cusack!! Also, there was a cat When I was 13, during the summer before I started high school, I was molested by a guy who dragged me into an alley, backed me into a corner so I couldn't escape (and even if I'd tried to, I couldn't have because he was taller and stronger than I was), and pulled my pants down. I tried to draw attention to where I was because I'd gone over to a guy's house with my friend because she liked him, and when we went he just happened to have a friend there to hang out with me while they went off and did whatever. Anyway, I tried to shout and make as much noise as I could and the guy goes "This would be easier if you were laying down" and tried to force me to the ground. Then my friend finally shows up and goes "Omg -MyName- what are you doing?!" and the guy obviously doesn't go "Oh yeah no I was trying to rape her this was my idea", but instead goes "She was trying to have sex with me hahahahaha" and just walks away. Then my friend doesn't believe me when I tell her he DRAGGED me into the alley because she'd disappeared well before anyone could see him pulling on my arm with both hands and me trying to resist it as much as I could. I never told anyone because I didn't want them to react the same way my "friend" did. I think about it a lot and every day I say "Maybe this will be the day I finally tell my parents what happened" and then I never do. That was almost 6 years ago. My "friend" and I no longer speak, but I'd stopped being friends with her maybe 5 or 6 months after that because she told a couple of our other friends that I tried to have sex with a guy I'd known for all of 5 minutes during the summer.  Fuck. That's infuriating. I know what it's like not to be believed about the way something actually happened, but losing all your friends over it too? I'm so sorry that happened to you. The fact that your trusted friend didn't believe you really irks me. I think telling us was a good first step, even if it was to an anonymous imagined Internet community. Don't lose hope that others will believe you. :) I don't want to be with my girlfriend anymore, but she might have cancer and I feel like I need to stay in the relationship. EDIT: I have seen 50/50! 
EDIT: Hey so I thought I replied to this a few weeks ago (today's date is 11/4), but I can't seem to find where I replied.  She's healthy and I split up with her before we found out. Yay for life working out! Wow man that is rough It definitely is, unfortunately my girlfriend through high school's Mom passed away from brain cancer when we were 18, so I have some coping strategies and experience with this already. To clarify, the girlfriend from high-school is different from the girl I am dating now. [deleted] Everyone needs ways to cope in a situation like that. I'm sorry for your loss.  You still didn't leave. Plenty of people couldn't handle that. You deserve the praise.  You're a better man than Newt Gingrich.... That's an incredibly low bar you have set... Ya, that's kinda like saying "at least I can swim better than a T-Rex." I faked the last two years of college education. My parents put so much pressure on me I couldn't handle it (I was suffering from severe depression and anxiety) so I faked it all. Lied to everyone. Made up fake transcripts. I just got my foot in the door in my desired field thanks to a friend as they hired me as a subordinate. This place only hires college grads but no one double checked my credentials since I was recommended. My hopes is that if I need to find another job I'll have been at this place long enough to get it by experience alone (I work for a very prestigious company). I'm not bad at my job. I'm actually quite good. But my fear is eventually I'll hit a wall and the lie will come to light. No one has known this for the better part of a decade.  It's a relief to finally say it "out loud." I can't even tell those I love. My silence is my prison.  If you get caught and go to a community college, you'll find a hilarious study group. This comment is streets ahead. Leonard likes this post Shut up, Leonard. I know about your prescription socks Cool thread. Cool cool cool. [deleted] So either stop worrying about it or go back and finish your degree. You don't have to tell anyone anything.  Mike Ross? When I was 17 I had a argument with my father and told him to fuck off, later that evening he hung himself. Our argument was the last time he spoke to anyone in our family and for that I feel a terrible amount of guilt for. Instead of him saying good bye and I love you to my mom and brothers he got told to fuck off before he went and killed himself. My punishment is to live the rest of my days in shame and guilt. He never left a note either. Thank you everyone for your Kind words. My mother put me and my brothers in counseling after it happened . as I can only really speak for myself I think it helped me cope enough to carry on but now 11 years later my current life situation(married soon to be dad) is bringing back tons of bad memories and feelings. I just might take your advice and talk to someone about it. I have never even spoken about my dad's death with my wife as she is coping with her father who is in the mid stage of dementia and that's hard enough and don't want her to feel worse than what she is. I will probably seek out some professional help. Again thank you all for the kind words.  Get one thing straight: NOBODY kills themselves because their teenage kid tells them to "fuck off". That's what teenage kids do. Nor does anybody ever kill themselves just on a whim. Chances are that he fought with depression for some time already, and that there was a shitload of stuff burdoning him. You telling him to fuck off could never have been the sole reason he finally went through with it. Giving yourself the blame is some A-grade bullshit. You were a teenager, He was the adult with the experience to see what's going on and to put things into perspective. Nobody could expect a 17 year old to be socially aware enough to notice a well-hidden depression.
Most important of all: Forget the stupid idea that you could have said, or done, ANYTHING that would have kept him alive. You didn't. If your father was that close to the brink, it was far beyond you to help him.  I used to be a Police/Fire/911 Dispatcher, but had to quit because it nearly made me suicidal. I actually had thoughts, but had to drive 40 miles to go to a center/hospital where no one knew me for help. I have nightmares about a few calls I took where the caller killed themselves, shot someone else, or passed away on the phone with me.  To this day, a few years after resigning, I still can't listen to a phone ring, or sirens go off without having a mild panic attack.  I am fairly sure it's a form of PTSD, with flashbacks, nightmares, panic attacks, and an inability to function sometimes, but I'm embarrassed and scared to tell my fiance, or go to a doctor for it.  I know there are soldiers out there with real PTSD that deserve help far more than me...  I am very good at hiding it though.  I also sometimes wait until my fiance goes to sleep, and I will then go sit and pretty much cry for several hours. It's hell. TL:DR - I exhibit a lot of the symptoms of PTSD, but I'm scared to get help for it because I don't think I deserve to be diagnosed with something like this, as in my mind, I was never in any real danger. im a medic, ptsd is real in our field and you should talk to someone. seeing and, in your case, hearing people in their worst moments can fuck with you psyche. Can't upvote this enough.   PTSD isn't necessarily something that comes out of danger. The T DOES stand for traumatic, so really anything that is traumatizing enough can lead to PTSD-symptoms. OP can get help and there are plenty of people out there who would be more than happy to do so :) First, I don't need an intervention - I just need to vent. Almost three years ago (June 16th), my wife suddenly passed away at home, at the age of 34.  I was the one who found her, and she'd been gone for at least an hour if not more when I did.   We'd been together for eleven years.  It wasn't perfect - what marriage is? - but things had been worse, and were in the process of finally getting better.  Being best friends can help you get through the worst of times.  I felt guilty that one of my thoughts was "at least now we won't fight over stupid crap that doesn't really matter". For at least six months, I was on autopilot.  I went to work, did what I had to do to get paid, and just. didn't. care.  Ate a lot of fast food because I didn't want to expend the energy to go to the grocery store.  I bought my cats food from Amazon because they'd deliver it to my front door.   Depression is a horrible thing; only now can I look back and realize just how bad it was. It's not every day, but there are times when I think about joining my wife, but then that would just mean an end result of other people having to deal with the aftermath of my problems. There are days when I get home from work and unlock the front door and walk into a quiet house, where I would give up everything I own to have someone there to give me a hug and sincerely ask how my day went and honestly care about my answer. Something so simple as human touch, compassion, and companionship is worth more than anything else in the world.  If you've got it, if you have someone that loves you - don't give that up.  Don't waste it.  Don't be petty or throw it away because of other little things that don't really matter in the grand scheme of life. Some of us wonder if we'll ever get to experience it again. February '13 update: I want to thank each and every one of you who replied in the comments or sent private messages.  There's been many days when seeing the little red envelope and reading a note of encouragement from a stranger has made a big difference. Everyone thinks I have a good job and roommates but I've been homeless and a prostitute for over year. There have been a lot of AMAs about prostitutes who ultimately worked their way out of the business. I hope things get better for you too. [deleted] I was homeless. Wasn't a prostitute, but did get raped twice.  All I can say is, as long as you're alive it can get better, so fight hard.  Holy shit that's inspiring. I'd love to know more, but I understand if you don't want to go into detail. How are things now? I went to college and moved to South Korea. Life is good.  If you're serious, there are many programs out there designed to financially and socially assist in stabilizing and getting away from sex work as a source of revenue. I'm not against sex working, I'm against you not wanting to be a prostitute and continuing it.  Please get help. i just wanted to tell everyone that you can be damn sure that this thread ain't dead. this is reddits fucking confessional box. IT guy here, it's amazing what people will do on their computers and say in their emails despite having to sign a waiver that all computer activity at work is monitored and recorded. I have half the company's banking, social media and personal email account info and passwords.   I know who is secretly banging who at the office behind their spouse's backs.  I know who is cybering at work and jerking it in the bathroom almost daily. At least they tell their sex chat partner they're running off to the bathroom to jerk it, haven't felt the need to check the validity of that one.  I know when people are having martial problems, financial problems, I even know one person here had their children taken away because a social worker found cocaine in their house. I know who is embezzling money, I know when people get fired for completely bullshit reasons (like they just want to replace them with someone younger and nicer on the eyes), and I know who my boss is buying xanax and vicodins from. Basically I have a treasure trove of my coworker's secrets.  I won't actively do anything with this info, but it's nice knowing I have the ammunition there if something were to ever happen. Are you Santa? Damn, now I wanna be an IT guy. It honestly isn't worth it.  Source: 8 years experience.  I can't bring myself to type it out again, so copy/pasted the relevant part from the other place I posted this. I can't promise coherence, even after all these years it still cuts deep, and I'm probably going to wind up rambling like I did the first and only other time I talked about it. 10 years ago, when I was 7, my parents worked shift work in the military. Since their schedules didn't match up very well, it wasn't uncommon for them both to be working a 2pm-2am shift. As such, I had a babysitter. She was an old friend of my mother's, wonderful woman. She was the type who seemed to have the compulsion to feed everyone who came through her door. Matronly is the word I'm aiming for I think. Anyway, she and her husband, along with their adopted daughter, were Christian. I tagged along to church with them a couple times, but it only furthered my atheistic leanings, which had already been in place. In time I politely turned down the offer to accompany them, instead staying home with their adopted son. At the time he was about as old as I am now. We shared similar interests-- namely, playing Super Nintendo games and listening to loud music. Since the house was free of anyone to complain about it, we did so with abandon. I honestly don't remember how it started anymore. To the best of my recollection, he asked me to go with him into the bathroom to show me something. I was 7, naive, and he was a cool guy I looked up to. Naturally, I followed without question. The first time, he showed me what masturbating was. At the time, of course, it was just "how to get your thing hard" but whatever. A few times after that, we'd do that when the others left, then go back to our gaming. Something always clawed at me, the feeling that something was wrong. He was older than me, though, and he was cool-- it must be what the cool kids did, right? Slowly but surely, though, he escalated things. At first it was mutual masturbation-- I still didn't really know what was going on, but I jerked him and he jerked me. It couldn't stop there, of course, and eventually built to him blowing me. After that happened a few times, he wanted me to return the favour. Again, I still didn't really grasp what was going on, but I tried. I hated the taste, and wound up refusing. After that happened a couple times, he would force me. I just started to... go blank, I guess. I wouldn't do anything, I wouldn't think or feel, I just let him use my mouth until he was satisfied and would jerk into tissue to finish himself off. This went on for a while until my babysitter began to grow suspicious. He had made me promise not to tell anyone about our "special time", and at that age a promise was something you didn't break for anything. That said, I just denied anything being wrong anytime my babysitter asked. Eventually she grew too concerned and, despite knowing nothing for certain, had my mom find an alternative sitter. Since then, he's gone through therapy. He admitted to having issues, apparently, but never spoke a word of what actually happened. I'm pretty sure it fucked me up good, honestly. I never really properly appreciated the deep scars sexual abuse leaves on a victim until I looked back on my life with that in mind. I buried it for years and tried to pretend I was normal, but I was definitely different. I was a lot more melancholy, and have had a few streaks of depression. I've never really been too certain of my sexuality. I'm scared to death of sex, honestly, and I think it's because part of me is afraid that I'll wind up just as abusive as he was. It helped a lot, opening up to my girlfriend. It doesn't haunt me like it used to, and I don't always feel like such a freak. It's helped strengthen our trust, and she's agreed to take things as slowly as I need to to be comfortable. I've since stopped feeling so totally emasculated, as well, and it's almost something of a joke to me now. I know, rape isn't funny. The thing is though, you've gotta be able to joke about it, even if only to yourself. If you can laugh at something, you can move past it. I can't help but chuckle when I'm arguing with someone and they tell me to suck a dick or something to that effect. I can laugh at my own pain, so I can move past it. I don't think I'll ever be who I might've been if it hadn't happened, but I'm okay with that. Realistically, I can't even say I'd change it if I could. I'm fit, intelligent, in love and generally happy with my life. It was terrible, yes, and traumatic, but at least I know this path can lead to happiness. Take the evil you know, right? Anyway, that's my story. It's long, incoherent, and doesn't really have a proper end, but take it how you will.  Tl;dr: Played Nintendo, sucked dick, everything turned out okay. There was a girl who I had a crush on the moment I saw her on my college campus. She ended up dating a douchebag dude a few weeks later. I happened to end up sitting in a study room with him and a few mutual friends. He talked about how he didn't think she was that attractive and how he liked other girls. I wrote the girl an anonymous email using one of those websites telling her about the things I heard and how the guy was a dick. She ended up breaking up with him after she found out he was cheating. The girl is now my girlfriend of 6 months. She has no idea (and is sitting across from me in the library). I've never told anyone this before. EDIT: We've now been together 9 months and are going strong :) EDIT #2: It's our one year anniversary tomorrow! Atta fuckin boy Up top bro high fives When i was 15 my parent's were going through a divorce, my mom worked night shifts and my dad was living with a friend of his. One night my sister who was 19 at the time came home pretty drunk from a party. She was acting goofy and fell on the couch next to me. She started grabbing my leg and laughing and we started fondling. We ended up having sex right there. When we woke up the next day she had no recollection of the night before so i just kept my mouth shut.  Fast forward to when i'm 18. Sister is home from college and dad is over for a visit. they get into an argument and in a fit of rage my dad announces how he has never forgiven her for the abortion she got when she was 19 and subsequently killing His grand child. (he's very religious) I then realize the baby she aborted was in fact mine.....and as far as i know, i am the only one who knows since she has never mentioned that night. Shit, it may not have been yours. With any luck, you were just stirring some poor shmoe's porridge from earlier that night. hahahaha wow now we look for the same story but from a 19 year old female's perspective... no matter how drunk you get i don't know if you can forget fucking your own brother... I once took a shit In the bathtub and then realising what a horrible mistake I'd made, I flung poo Into a hole In the wall. My parents renovated and patched up the hole. So now there Is a ~15 year old turd in between the bathroom and kitchen wall of my childhood home. Not even using a throwaway because I have no shame. The Tell Tale Poop. The Poop of Amontillado you're awesome dude, needed a laugh after reading everything above  Right now, your comment is between a rape victim and a suicidal guy's comments. It's almost like an oasis in a desert. Not me but one of my frat brothers in college knocked a girl up. A month later she had had lost the baby. I was using his phone one night to find my phone when his dad texted him, i swiped the lock causing it to open up the chat thread revealing the messages that explained the story. The day he found out he drove with some of our other brothers to Mexico and he came back with RU486, the abortion pill. He had apparently spoken to his dad who forced him under threat of pulling him out of college and cutting him off to secretly sneak the girl the abortion pill. I dont know the logistics of how he did it but apparently he secretly poisoned her causing her to lose the baby. He has no idea I know and I doubt anyone else does. EDIT: YES, i know many have heard this story before. I posted it.
http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/on7vc/what_is_the_darkest_secret_you_know_about_someone/c3ilj92?context=3 holy crap Yesterday I thought I had problems. Today my life is grand. 6 hours ago: "I am the worst, who fails Calculus two semesters in a row, I think I should kill myself" Now: "Every sunbeam is like the hair of a seraph" My daughter turns 5 next week. If anyone knew the truth behind her parentage, I could probably lose her forever. I grew up in foster care, never knew my parents or siblings. In my senior year, I met an older guy and we dated for almost a year... getting pregnant about 7 months in. One night while we were watching tv, the subject somehow came around to our real parents (he had been adopted as a young child). Turns out the man I was seeing, the father of my daughter... is my half-brother... we have the same mother. Our relationship didn't last, and he is not in her life, per his own choices. My daughter is extremely smart, beautiful, and well-rounded. She'll never know the truth... her father and I made a pact to never tell her. I just hope she never needs a kidney or something. Edit: Keep reading about people who knowingly slept with relatives they grew up with... is it bad that I feel slightly less horrible? You wouldn't lose your daughter. This was an accident, not something you did. No, you shouldn't feel horrible at all. Not your fault. I read about something like this before... Something about the scent of siblings makes them sexually unattractive to us - that is, if you grew up with them. If you didn't grow up together, that same scent makes you very attracted to each other if you meet later in life. I wish I could remember the name of this so I could link you to it. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genetic_sexual_attraction Buried comment, but here goes. Not life ruining but makes me feel like shit every time I think about it. As I've told Reddit before, I have a blind brother. When we were young, I used to get so frustrated at all the extra attention he received and how I had to be more responsible with my sibling than my peers. So, when my brother and I would go play, go to the store, or just generally go anywhere without adults, I would abandon him somewhere unfamiliar to him. Then, I would stand off quietly and watch the anxiety set in as he tried to figure out where he was and what was going on.  Also, I was really intelligent as a child and knew that was my ticket to attention. When I would "help" my brother with his homework, I would teach him all the wrong answers, so that I could continue being the smarter sibling. Today, my brother is my best friend. He goes to college and lives by himself. He's become one of the most intelligent men I've ever met. I'm trying to make it up to him now by being the best big sister ever, but I still feel so guilty at how I found him to be a burden when I was a kid.  Edit: Update. I immediately called my brother after posting this and caught him while he was walking to a study group. I told him about my guilt and he laughed. He understands how frustrating it must have been. He told me that all of the good things I have done as a sister completely overshadow anything bad I did and that he loves me more than anything. I'm glad I spoke with him and I encourage others on here to talk to someone if they can.  Your edit was the most beautiful thing I've read all day. In a depressing thread, I'm so glad for your redemption with your brother. children can be very cruel. When we're young it doesn't really come naturally to us to consider that we might not be more important than anything else in the universe. It's just how our minds are. It's probably good that you've felt your guilt, because it helped you become a better person today, but this stranger thinks it would be better for you if you forgave yourself for behavior that really is quite natural. Don't think it would ruin my life but could ruin my family if it ever got out. When I was around 10 my step father continuously tried to touch me but didn't make it direct. For example I'd be sitting on the couch but he would get on top of me and "tickle" me while "accidentally" grabbing my breasts (although I was 10 and probably didn't even have anything to grab) and one day he told me I should take a bath and ran the water for me. I hopped in without thinking much about it but he came in shortly after and started, well, washing my body. He even made me spread my legs and he'd touch my inner thighs but he never touched me "there". I was so young and I just didn't know what to do but I felt so disgusted every time so I just went into my room and cried and didn't think to tell anyone. These "baths" happened when nobody else was home.. until one day I finally told him that I didn't want to get in the bath and locked myself in my room so he couldn't come get me. Once I spat on his face when he was on top of me on the couch but I was the one that got in trouble. He told my mother that I spat on at him and I had to just sit there, getting yelled at, for spitting on my step father who was trying to touch me. Even then I still couldn't tell my mum about what he was doing to me, and I don't think I could bring it up with anyone now. I don't really remember how everything stopped but nothing has happened since moving to Australia (6 years ago). I'm now 17 turning 18 and I hardly talk to my step dad and try to avoid him as much as I can. This is the first time I've ever mentioned it to anyone and it feels good to actually talk about it. Thanks for this post! Glad things are better and you feel better talking about. May still be a good idea to tell your mother though, so she knows what kind of person he is, and in case they have another kid or if they somehow are in contact with children that could be harmed by him again. Agreed, this is definitely a smart move to make. Plus if any of their friends have kids, similar things may have happened/are happening. Hi there, I saw your story and I wanted to share mine. I know this is an old thread, but I've never seen anyone's story that reminded me of my own so much. My stepdad would make me sit on his lap when there was no room on the couch, and he would pressure me to give him a goodnight kiss since back then I would kiss my mom goodnight. It was creepy to me but I didnt say anything because I didnt want to cause trouble, my step/siblings weren't dealing well with being together so I wanted to be a good example for them. When I was 12 we started doing construction on my house and I was the oldest of 4 (2 were my stepdad's, then me and my brother are my mom's) so sometimes my stepdad would ask me to help when my mom was at work. He would ask me to help him fix the hinges on the door on morning where no one was home, and wouldn't let me change into day clothes, and since I slept in nightgowns with no panties he would peek up my gown through the window on our laundry room door. He eventually tricked me into giving him oral without me knowing what was going on (I was a very innocent kid for a long time, but I'm not comfortable giving details in case they helped someone hurt another kid), and that happened several times. The worst part though is he would peek in at me dressing in my room while he was outside in the garage, and when I caught him and told my mom he lied his ass off and said it was a neighbor kid, and even called the cops on them (they never found the "kids" of course!) and then he made me APOLOGIZE to him for thinking he would do that. Eventually I figured it all out as I got older and I started making excuses not to be alone with him or even refuse to "help" him. I wrote everything down in my journal, and one day when I was in jr high my mom found it and took me out of school to ask me about everything to make sure I was 100% sure. He went to jail, and then he started therapy and is a completely different person now, but I'm not allowed to have any contact with him (I"m in college now). I've forgiven him, mostly for myself because I carried a lot of guilt from not figuring out what he was making me do sooner. I'm a much better person now, very mentally healthy compared to where I was then. I've been able to help other girls get help, and I'm going to write a book about my experiences in the hopes that some day it'll help people. If you've never gotten therapy, I recommend looking into it. It's a little scary at first, but they help you deal with baggage that you may have thought you burried or didn't have. [deleted] That makes my blood boil. I can't understand how anyone can do that to someone else. And all of the other guys are guilty by proxy for allowing it to happen. Fuck every single one of them. Also, tell your boyfriend. I've dated girls who were raped, it's nice to know that your girlfriend trusts you enough to confide in you, and also helps you to understand her better. If he's not supportive and understanding, he's not worth your time. I've never stayed on a thread this long. No matter how late to the party you are, your story will have readers! [deleted] Mind elaborating how you "made sure"? Did you just neglect care, suffocate him?   Was he conscious and aware that you were letting him die? I did nothing to quicken his passing. Certainly didn't inflict ant more pain and suffering. Sometimes nature claims your ticket. "In the mirrors of the many judgments, my hands are the color of blood. I sometimes fancy myself an evil which exists to oppose other evils; and on that great Day of which the prophets speak but in which they do not truly believe, on the day the world is utterly cleansed of evil, then I too will go down into darkness, swallowing curses. Until then, I will not wash my hands nor let them hang useless." Love the quote but after some googling are you quoting an HP fanfic? That would make me ludicrously happy. This thread has given me a new perspective on the depths of human suffering. I accidentally killed seven people. I put a rag into a new water heater exhaust to keep debris out and
installed it in a rental.  I get a call a week later, there's been an accident. I show up and there's a ton of ems and police. They ask me where the gas shutoff is, and I go down to shut the gas off and see the end of the rag I forgot sticking out of the top of the heater. Ripped the rag out, shut the gas off and head upstairs only to be told
all the tenants were DEAD. I drink all day now and sleep. It's killing me from the inside every single day, but if I say anything my family is ruined; we have a bunch of rental properties and we'd be shut down. It wouldn't ruin my life per se, because there are people in my life who are aware of this, but I did try to kill myself once, at my college. Was going to swallow I think Tylenol and a handle of vodka, intending to induce organ failure + alcohol poisoning. I ended up about to swallow, but the cheap alcohol made me so aware of my actions that I spit it out and ran to my friend's room (I stole the alcohol from him, and it's the only time I've knowingly stolen something) to apologize. This was maybe 2 years ago; I ended up having to take a year off, and was forced to explain the situation to the adults in my life. For the first time, they found out that I had been sexually assaulted by my older brothers for about 5 years, and that I had been suffering from depression for about 9 years. They did not understand. Didn't understand how I could be broken up over something that happened years ago, convinced that I was just trying to weasel myself out of my (dream) college, or that I am too stupid to handle it. And when I finally convinced them to let me see a shrink, all they spoke about was how pointless therapy was, and wanted to know how long this would last. I ended up returning to and then leaving college again, once again due to depression. Now the verbal abuse that I've faced growing up has increased tenfold. Almost every day is some sort of argument, with me hearing about how I've fucked up my life, and that I'm a jackass and a fool. I desperately want to leave, but I have nowhere to go. I have no job and no money, so I can't afford an apartment or therapy. I am so tired of being mistreated, and I want to be free, but I'm trapped in this hellhole. This thread is most likely dead by now, so I just wanted to get this out in the open, since I haven't really been able to speak to people about this for months now. I'm sincerely afraid that I'll never be able to become the man I want to be, because I'm too busy trying not to slip back into a depressed state (as long as I avoid doing anything slightly challenging, or thinking for too long, I can stay neutral). If anyone does read this, and knows of something I can do to get away, please let me know. Thank you. This post is the equivalent of 1 million IamAs I hate all of my friends. Literally. I don't have anything in common with any of them, and don't care. But I'm too scared to be alone and have no one else to go to so I keep hanging around with them. I honestly can't think of a single person that I genuinely enjoy being around. There are moments, sure, but I'm faking it most of the time. I feel cold and heartless when I think about it, but I really don't like people. At all. And yet I'm lonely. Scumbag brain, dammit. Eh, same here. Since highschool ended I haven't made an effort to remain friends with anyone. That was 6 years ago. My social stimulation comes from the internet and after going 3 months without my computer I realized how serious it was. I don't want to NEED people but I do.. I was damn near ready to just shut down without people to talk to on the internet.  I'd say keep trying to socialize while you can. You don't want to bury yourself in loneliness. I'm at a point now where even if I managed to gather the courage to hangout with people I wouldn't know how to act.  Its tough to find good friends. I lived like this for quite a while. DO this: Stop it. I forced myself into consistently hanging out with a certain group of 'friends' for about 5 years, in retrospect, for the thrills and partying.  The reality: They were devoid of moral, social, or nearly any enriching qualities. I've always been one to accept others and was a butterfly-type whom always has been from group-to-group to catch up with all of my friends, so it wasn't terribly hard to peel away from this specific bunch. As they say, your friends should be people who make you a better person.  Find a hobby/get more involved in a current hobby; be it music, playing an instrument, speaking a foreign language, a sport, exercising, building models, video games, computers, programming, after-school program, WHATEVER. Find people more relevant to you. Nothing to regret here. It will become easier to peel away from the people you despise deep down inside, yet still attach yourself to. Get yourself the hell outta that war zone.  I waited my situation out too long, and it ended nasty. Just keep everyone happy and move along, pal. HATE THE DAY! Best of luck. So many confessions starting with 'this will get buried/ no-one's gonna read this', so I just thought I'd say that I'm one of those who  finally got done reading all ( at least 35,000 )comments! Took me weeks. This is the first post I read on reddit, very addicting read. 
Hugs to all who need it, I hope you find the strength to overcome your problems.   My own secret, is that I'm still deeply in love with my (now married with kids) first love, nothing will ever happen and it is  ridiculously hurtful, but w/e, life goes on. I have memories of my sister (five years older) and I playing a roleplay game when I was younger that I think would be considered sexual abuse/molestation if I told anyone. I don't remember how old we were, but I know she was around the age where her breasts were developing. When home alone we would play a role play game where she was a boss and I was a secretary, and the boss would always sexually harass the secretary. It ended in my sucking on my sister's breasts while she would lie on the couch with her shirt off. My memory has always been really horrible, so I only remember patches of this, but I remember that it never felt sexual. I don't actually trust my memory enough to feel confident that this really happened. I love my sister, she's my best friend and I would never want to damage our relationship by ever bringing this up and asking her what really happened. It is a secret I will carry with me and never reveal. Also, TIL it's hard coming up with a throwaway name. edit: To clarify, I'm a woman, just in case anyone assumed otherwise.  Good throwaway name considering. I came very, very close to committing a school shooting I was picked on A LOT in high school. I think it was because I tried so hard to be cool and everyone saw right through it. There were these 4 cowboy jock types that gave it to me the worst. After being publicly humiliated and beaten in front of a girl I liked (as she laughed/cheered), I decided that none of it was worth it anymore. I had no support at home being an only child and having parents that worked constantly, and cutting and burning myself didn't make me feel better anymore. So I got my dad's handgun out of the gun-safe (he uses the same combo for everything, the idiot) and brought it to school with me the next day. I can't adequately describe to you guys how ready I was to kill these four. I had absolutely no fear or doubt in my mind. I wanted nothing more than to show everyone what happens when you push someone over the edge like they did. I had the gun tucked in my waistline. I was wearing this baggy pair of cargo shorts that i wore a couple times a week that day. I remember walking towards the cowboy's table, so goddamn ready for it to be over, when the gun fell out of my waistline, down my left short leg and made the loudest fucking sound as it hit the cafeteria floor. I tried my best to grab the gun real quick, but people saw what it was and screamed, and one of the instructors tackled me to the ground.  They eventually concluded that I had brought the gun to school to impress people with badassery, and had no intention of using it. I was expelled and sent to live at a youth ranch in Idaho until I was 18. I did have the intention of using it though. I was going to kill all of them. I'm 24 now, and I still think about it all the time. I have not recovered from high school. I'm still terrified of people in general, and avoid having relationships because of what I fear I'm capable of.  I'm not looking for pity. I know that what I did was wrong, it just feels good to tell the story. Thanks Reddit. TL;DR I attempted a school shooting. Some people really have no idea how bad bullying can really be. I hope that there is some bully somewhere reading this and thinking twice about his actions. Well, it's more of a secret to my friends that I've made recently. Some background first: I don't like being touched or hugged, and I'm incredibly uncomfortable with intimacy in general.  When I was in the 8th grade, a bunch of girls in my class convinced me they had a friend who fancied me (they said she had seen me somewhere and thought I was cute). Faked a MSN account and they talked to me every night for a few months, invited me out to the movies and (obviously) didn't show up, then revealed to the whole grade that I had been tricked into having an 'imaginary' girlfriend. I was mocked viciously by everyone in the grade and ever since then I can't really trust women. I also can't believe that a girl may have feelings for me. Even when they explicitly tell me they have feelings for me I can't help but feel like they're trying to trick me. It's caused a lot of insecurity, and I can't get 'attached' to people easily. I'm terribly afraid to text, or message people first because I'm convinced I would be annoying them. What's worse is that when I think about it, I know it probably isn't true; but I can't help but feel like it is. Even though it was grade 8, it was around the time when attraction to women was just starting to get 'real', so to be hurt at a time as delicate as that has really done some damage. The secret of course is that I had been dumb enough to be tricked. As you might suspect, the whole thing has left me afraid of being vulnerable. To have this found out by my newer friends (as in, university friends) would put me in a really uncomfortable place. I probably wouldn't be able to be their friend anymore. Thanks for reading, you're the first people I've told about what this event has actually done to me. Well, every upvote is someone who gives a fuck, by my experience. This made me realise that i wanted to upvote. Thank you. Middle school kids can be so cruel.  Same thing almost happened to me in 7th/8th grade.   I had a crush on a popular boy in school and even got up the courage to nervously talk to him a few times.  A girl in my class must have picked on this and told me that my crush had told her during a school dance that he liked me.  I was kind of skeptical but she told me quite a few times until I started to believe it.   Finally, I heard from somebody else that it was all lies (and apparently quite a few people were laughing at me behind my back).  I was so mortified and became even more of a loner than I already was.   A few days later, I got a note on my desk, supposedly from my crush, telling me to meet him after school in front of the school.  I threw away the paper and went home immediately after school that day, thankful that I found out about the hoax before I embarrassed myself worse.  I didn't even know the girl who told me the lies...I had no idea why she was being cruel to me for no apparent reason. This is my first and probably last comment in this entire thread. I just want to tell you that what they did is fucked and you didn't deserve it. It's no wonder that you have the problems that you do. Also, I want to say that there are some very good women out there. If you find one let her know. Just look at the responses to your post. People generally care and want you to be happy. Thank you, I appreciate how nice everyone is being. Holy crap. Thank you for posting this. I went through something very similar, and am in the same state as you are now. Really, thank you. I'm sorry you had to go through that too, but from one emotionally unavailable guy to another, it really helps to hear that I'm not alone. Hopefully my story will help you as well. I had a huge crush on a girl for about 2 years, but was always too shy to say anything. We went to the same school, did the same after-school activities. We were inseparable best friends, and spent as much time together as humanly possible. When I was 15, I got a Myspace message from her telling me that she was in love with me. You see, her parents forbade her from having a Myspace account, but she said that she went to a friend's house to make one because she really had to tell me how she felt. Looking back on it, it was pretty stupid of me, but I was a stupid teenager, so what could I do? We spent the entire night talking about how much we loved about each other and how excited we were to finally be able to tell each other in person. We were teenagers, so we put in every ounce of our hearts and souls into it. It was by far the happiest moment of my life. The next day, I found out that it wasn't actually her. It was one of her friends who made the entire profile and who spent the whole night talking to me. She showed the girl I liked everything I said. She stopped talking with me entirely. She put in every effort to be as far away from me as possible. When I would try to talk to her, to apologize and tell her I just wanted the friendship back, she would turn and hurry away. It feels silly when I read how much worse some of these other posts are, but it was unbelievably embarrassing for me. I became extreme depressed to the point of delusion. Powerful delusions. I've always been somewhere along the agnostic-atheist scale, but there was one night where I had fully convinced myself that I was the devil, the entire world was Hell, everyone on earth was being eternally tortured, and the only ways to save them was for me to kill myself. Thankfully I didn't, but every now then when I look back on it I can't help but feel ashamed of myself - that I would rather let the entire planet go through unimaginable horrors than sacrifice my own life to end it for them. Anyway, after several years I was able to get over my depression. However, since then I've still felt like a shell of a man. I feel no emotional connection towards anyone, even my parents and good friends. I've moved several times since then and have had absolutely no sense of homesickness. I never even think about the friends I've left behind. I moved back home with my parents last summer. I have made literally no friends since then, not because I'm shy, but because I have no desire to get to know people. I only told a few friends from high school that I was back in town, and I all but ignored them when they invited me out. I haven't heard from any of them since the beginning of winter. I only ever leave my house to go to classes. I can't initiate conversations with people, either. I can't remember the last time I sent someone a text message first. I can't remember the last time I wished anyone happy birthday, unless someone I'm with says it first. I haven't congratulated any of my friends for graduating from college. In fact, there are only two Even in the last town I live in, where I had friends, I would rather go out to eat alone than invite one of them to join. It's not because of some crippling shyness - I rarely get nervous or afraid about anything - it's just that I have no desire to. It's kind of odd, because once I'm with my friends I'm a very outgoing, extraverted, enjoyable person. It's just when it comes to anything that could be construed as being remotely intimate, I can't do it. In the 8 years since the incident and I've only ever dated two girls, and had absolutely no feelings for either of them. Sex has never been enjoyable for me. I haven't been able to orgasm since then because it makes me feel too vulnerable. I've turned down plenty of women simply because I have no desire to be physically or emotionally intimate with anybody. In fact, I actively avoid it. I'm honestly becoming more and more afraid that I'll spend the rest of my life alone, because I can't let anybody in. This is my first time telling anyone about this as well. My parents don't even know any of this happened. So thank you, anybody who reads this. Especially Throwdisoffabridge for posting this and encouraging me to open up a little bit. And HaroldLauder for suggesting Avoidant Personality Disorder. I think I might go see a professional about it sometime soon. This is me, except there's no underlying reason. I never had a fake girlfriend made up for me. Nobody cared enough to do that. I still have "imaginary friends." I'm almost 30. I lost them for a while. I don't know why or how, but it they were gone. I couldn't see them or hear them any more, not the way I used to when I was younger. It made me was miserable. I kept hoping for a way to get them back. Two weeks ago, I somehow managed to finally break through whatever the barrier was. I have spent the past two weeks hanging out with, and talking to, a character from a well-known TV show. I can't really "see" him visually, but I can see him with my mind's eye. He goes almost everywhere with me. He's sitting on my bed right now, waiting for me to get off my computer. (I promised I would get off a little while ago, but I had to check reddit one last time.) He's been coming to work with me every day for the past two weeks. I share my food with him. (I kind of mentally duplicate it for him, since he can't touch it in reality.) I love it. I'm happy again. I realize most people would say he isn't real, but something about him is. I don't care. He's real to me. EDIT: Revision to my final thought -- I am scared that if anyone knew, I would be locked up and heavily medicated, but I acknowledge it's not really a likely scenario in my case. I'm 20, and in college.  I've got an imaginary Mom who comes and visits me occasionally.  My real mother is still alive, but she was emotionally abusive and I don't like thinking about her. Fuck that. Nothing wrong with a good imaginary friend or two.  I've had them all my life. I'm almost 25 and I still like to have them. They keep me from being bored, keep my creative juices flowing, help me to comfort myself when I'm down. I guess there might be that kind of stigma attached to them. I don't care. I used to see a therapist for something totally unrelated and when I told her, she didn't care either. Basically, as long as you're certain they're not real and they don't impact your life negatively, what's the harm? It's just a matter of letting your imagination run riot once in a while. If you google "daemonism", you'll find there's a near-religion related to this stuff. I tried and failed to keep an interest in that community, but it's fun to see that you're not alone in having conversations with projected parts of yourself, and that the same rule applies here as with everything else on the internet: there's always someone more extreme than you out there. Also, fuck throwaways. My boyfriend knows perfectly well that I still have imaginary friends - hell, I've told him the name of my most constant companion, though he probably doesn't care enough to have remembered what it was. Anyone else who might care can go shove a potato up their anus. You are fucking awesome. Thank you, seriously. I'm gonna go build me a potato gun! The story I tell is that my first kiss was 9 years ago, when I was 14, with my now fiancee. False. When I was 13, I babysat an 8 year old boy.  His parents were very open, and he was very sexually aware (I caught him watching porn a couple of times). From the start, he was very agressive, always grabbing me and trying to kiss me.  After a while, oddly impressed with this new sort of attention, and very curious about kissing, one night we started making out.  This became routine, and went on for probably almost a year, before I realised how horrific and wrong my actions were.  I continued to babysit him for a while, but soon his parents stopped calling me.  I've always wondered why.  I'm terrified that I'll one day be exposed as a child molester. tl;dr  As a 13 year old girl, I frequently made out with an 8 year old. I can't believe an 8yo got more action than I ever did.  My first French kiss was at the age of 8, in a tree house, with a 12 year old that was babysitting me. I liked it, she did too, and never once have I ever thought of her as a "child molester". Padme? I know this thread is most likely dead now, but I used to masturbate a lot. And when I was 10 I had a technique where I'd let off a load into a sock then wash it and quickly dry it, now I couldn't leave it hanging outside or use a dryer otherwise my family would've seen it and probably smell it or whatnot. So I'd put it inside my gas heater unit. Unfortunately my sock had caught on fire inside the unit, blew it up and set my house on fire. Only my brother was home at the time, and he managed to survive the house did not. For 5 years we stayed from caravan park to caravan park whilst we waited for confirmation that it was not arson and we could receive an insurance payout. We eventually did and scraped together money to start rebuilding the house. The house is still being rebuilt to this day and it shames me anytime I have to visit my parents living in a tiny mobile home where my backyard once was. I have been pretending to be colorblind to everyone I have ever known, including my own parents since I was in 3rd grade. I am now 28 years old. I even convinced an optometrist of it.  Before your death, are you going to make your last words, FOOLED YOU? "Bertha...you see that apple there?...It's red" dies Of all names.. Bertha? All Bertha's are destined to be fat.  I am hoping to someday have a theatric miracle moment where I can suddenly see the full rainbow!! Oh and by the way... you (reddit) are the first humans to ever know my secret. Care to explain why? Given that he called us humans, it is obvious that he is a dog and just learned to type.  Having an age that is a multiple of 7 is also a bit of a giveaway. Good analysis. I want a report by the fifth. When I was 13 I caught my father in bed with my 15 year old brother's girlfriend (also 15). I haven't seen her since, but I've been blackmailing my father with it for the last 6 years. Forgive me if I'm late to the party, my Reddit app just wanted to show me the top posts and I found myself here. I have a blackmailing story.  First, I want to say that I never really liked myself, but when it comes to friends and family, I love them to death. Especially friends. I would do anything for them. My closest friend Alex had a good life. Loving parents, nice house, everything he wanted. Except that his father thinks he's a worthless sack of shit. He will get mad at him for almost nothing. I spent the night with him and we ate pistachios and we missed one shell that ended up on the floor and I had to leave early because he grounded him. Onto the blackmail story. I was at his house for the weekend and I had to use the bathroom. The only one that wasn't occupied was the bathroom in the master bedroom. So I walk into the bedroom unaware that his dad was home, and he was sleeping with another woman. After about 10 minutes of him frantically putting his clothes on, he talked to me about the incident and he didn't want me telling anyone. I told him I won't tell he treats his son with love and respect. He agreed. I thought it was the greatest thing I've ever done for a friend.  I also got 500 bucks. I had something very similar happen to me, OP. We'll call him Tim. Tim was my best friend, and he always came to me when he needed someone (his mom was bipolar and made his life really tough, and he didn't know his Dad). We had two or three other suicide scares but we talked him out of it and brought him back from the edge. Well, this week he comes to school Monday and just seemed off. We tried to talk to him but he never really responded. Part way through the week, he calls me and asks if he can stay at my place, that he can't stand his Mom. I ask my Dad and he says no, saying that Tim needs to deal with his problems at home. I explain to Tim what the situation was and he says ok and hangs up. That Friday, I notice that he seemed different at school, and I had a really bad feeling about it. He didn't even seem there. I tried to talk to him or something but he just wasn't himself. After school, another friend brought him home at the end of the day, and he was the last person to see Tim alive. I got a call later that night that he had hung himself. It's been two years and I still regret not helping Tim, I feel like there was something I could have done. It just sucks that I couldn't help him that time, and that's all it took for him to slip away. Thing number two: My cousin has let me feel up her breasts for the past three years (we started when she was 13 and I was 16). We never did anything else, never below the belt or anything, and we never talked about it. I've since stopped doing it by avoiding being alone with her so neither of us try something, but we never talk about it. If that came out, I probably wouldn't be able to face that side of the family ever again. I get nervous going to family gatherings sometimes because of what they don't know. You can't go from suicidal friend story to incest, I can't handle such extreme changes The sheer 180 in stories is more fucked up than the tales themselves. Mine is pretty big, I was hit by a truck a few years back and was diagnosed with retrograde amnesia and awarded a 2.5 million dollar settlement. I have used this money to move into Florida and I currently live in Boca Raton. I faked the whole thing because I hated by life and wanted an excuse to leave. I haven't seen my family since and have made a new life. If this is all true, you should consider deleting this or at least changing the facts around.  People have been found out by friends/family/whatever before, submitting stuff as unique as your story. ... but the karma! throwaway891872348 is probably very concerned with karma. my grade 6 teacher let me touch her boobs once. Honestly, I've kinda been waiting for a thread like this to come up. None of my friends know any of this, and I don't want to tell them. Not so much a lack of trust as their inability to understand. So, when I was in middle-high school my mom, sister, and I were living with my stepfather (better school district from where I was). Everything was fine for a few years, but he got... crazy. Whenever my mom left for work my sister and I were left alone with him until he left (he worked second shift). First he'd start with yelling at us for no good reason. A reason, yes, but never a good one, it was always insignificant. Needless to say, my sis and I were scared shitless when this happened. Things escalated from there. He'd start hitting us, almost every day. Again, always over something insignificant. A good example was when I hung one of his shirts with the hanger hook facing left instead of right. It got to a point several times where he'd actually grab whichever one of us happened to be in his way and hold us off the ground, against the wall, by the throat. To make it clear, my mother knew about none of this. The man knew how to hit you so it didn't leave a mark, and he is an obscenely good liar. Any time we tried to call him out to her, he'd lie his way around it. The only time that other side came out around her, he blamed it on his heart medicine. My sister moved out when she turned 18, but I still had three years left. So now all of his anger was directed at me. One time in my senior year, I was actually scared for my life and ran off into the woods next to the house until my mom got home. She finally believed me then, and we made plans to leave as soon as I graduated. She told him she wanted to leave, and he of course decided that I was costing him his marriage. Those last few months were hell, but in June of last year we moved. I'm now in college, safely away from him. While I bear no malice against him, I will not forgive the shit he put me through. Also, it feels wonderful to finally get this off my chest and tell it to someone, even if nobody reads this. After graduating from high school, I went to a small out-of-state college where no one from high school knew me. I was told many times how impressive my false Australian accent was, so I decided it would be great fun to go through college pretending to be from Australia. All of my friends and even my girlfriend of two years think I'm Australian. I have a completely fake Australian identity, family, and past. I will soon be graduating, and I plan on asking the girl to marry me. Everything she knows about me is Australian I don't know how to tell her she doesn't really know me. Guess I'm forever a bloke. Hate to break it to you, but you won't be marrying that girl unless it turns out she's actually from Australia and has been pretending to be American for 2 years. As an Australian, I have to wonder why anyone would feel the need to stick to such a... a... boring lie. I smell a fake, how can a girl of 2 years that you intend on marrying have never met a family or any real life associates of yours? I've pretty much been a fuckup all my life. when I told someone I was suicidal, they talked me out of doing it, but I laid on them a bullshit story about being abused as a child, and just generally made myself seem so pitiful and helpless, they took me in to their home and treated me as one of the family: fed me, clothed me, everything, and never once asked me for anything in return.  I still live here with them 10 years later, I work in the garden and help the 5th grader with homework, I do all the grocery shopping and cooking and I live here like this all based on a pack of lies. I guess I am mentally ill somehow, but I don't know if I can ever get better w/o telling someone the truth. It makes me feel sweaty and sick in my stomach to even think about telling anyone this story. Edit: since some people are asking, I will add some more info: I used to have a good job in a successful business and a fiance I wanted to spend the rest of my life with, until I found out alcohol was more important to her than anything else. She broke up with me rather than break up with booze and I was completely devastated. I used to spend 30 minutes or more each day at work hiding in the walk-in refrigerator and crying. I talked to everyone about the situation, the consensus was that I should just forget her and go bang some hot bitches to get over it, but I just couldn't. After a few weeks I walked out of work in the middle of the day and went home to take a shower. I started taking  showers like 6 times a day and started planning how to kill myself. When I met someone who was sympathetic, it was just easier to play the part of a helpless victim who had been done wrong in so many ways that I needed to be rescued and taken care of rather than take responsibility for making my own situation better. I am having a panic attack about typing and posting this. You don't sound like a fuckup, you sound like someone who's working for room and board. People do that. Sure, the way you got into it is a little weird, but it's a natural thing. You might consider saving some money and getting your own place? Wait so... what happened to your original family? Though arow_nway_thame's story is different enough from mine to not be my brother, I am what could be considered the original family in this case. My older brother was getting really depressed (I was about 17 he was 26 or so) then suddenly one morning he was gone. He had moved in with another family whom he had told a bullshit story about my parents mistreating him. It was in fact quite the opposite. My brother was stealing money from my parents, had been fired from his job for misconduct, along with other various actions I still don't understand. I didnt hear a word from my brother for 4-5 years, save for maybe a short 30 second birthday call sometimes. I have always been confused as my brother was extremely intelligent, but now having a conversation with him is like talking to someone who is 6 years old mentally. With all the lies he has told over the years, I don't know whether he actually is mentally ill, or just building on top of his own lies. Please arow_nway_thame even if your original family situation was/is shitty, at least try to keep some form of contact with them. My mother cries every time she calls me because she blames herself for my brother leaving us. All we want is to know you are okay. When I was 17 I was gang raped after a party, the cops didn't believe me, my parents didn't believe me, and everyone who I've told since has stopped talking to me. It was not pretty, I was cut up at a party... beaten and thrown in my car. They drove donuts in the grass field next to a church on a Saturday night, Sunday morning. Fucked up my car and left me battered and bruised in the back seat. I woke up initially when I was being raped (only think gang as I do remember multiple voices at this point) but then tried to keep myself awake long enough between blackouts by blasting music. So the cops found me at the wheel of my car with people lining up for church with fucking metal blasting on repeat. I planned murders in retribution but decided it was better to just leave. The only proof I had was that I shat blood for a week but I felt so bad I couldn't even show anyone. Shitting when you have a rectal tear is a terrible thing. The thing that hurt the most was that no one believed me, I did make stories and lies but none to this extent. Not ruining my life, but my single secret. This will get buried, but that's fine.  I was about 23 and was working kind of late. My friend wanted to go out and was bugging me about it. He's gay, I'm not... But eventually he talked me into it. So we go to a little dive bar and are hanging out, just chatting. A couple of friends were supposed to come too, but they never showed up. I was nursing my first gin and tonic when I went to the bathroom. I came back and finished my drink, and that's when things started getting fuzzy.  I knew something was wrong so I ordered water for my second drink. But it didn't work. My world was spinning, and I had basically lost control of my motor functions. My memory is pretty rough too. I remember my head on the bar, and he was rubbing my crotch. I remember him helping me to his car, dragging me up his stairs, passing out on his floor, him blowing me... I was back in his car at one point and then I woke up in my bed. I felt like shit and was totally surprised that my car was in the driveway. I have no idea how I got home. At one point in the night I left an incoherent voicemail on my best bud's phone.  So I was raped, and I was so embarrassed, he totally got away with it. I've never told anyone, not even my wife. She knows something happened, just not the extent.  He is not your friend. Understatement of the year. When I was six, back when SNES was all the rage, I remember watching my older brother playing his game. He loved it. So much so that when I went to play it, he would only let me play it if I sat on his lap. So I did, because I was so desperate for my brother to love me (he always bullied me, especially when he would babysit me) and I was so happy that he was hugging me and treating me like a sister. One day, we brought the system up into my room. He told me I could only play if I was naked. I said ok. He then took off his pants and laid me on the bed. I remember saying to him that I wanted to play the game. He said ok, but only if he could poke me. So I tried to play the game, but he kept bumping into me and shaking me. He got angry and yanked the controller from my hand and told me to close my eyes and that I could play again later. So I did. He just kept going. And then he stopped. This happened as a weekly thing. Sometimes he would let me play, others he would force me to just lay there. He stopped having sex with me when I was seven and a half and he left to go live with my dad. I never realized what had happened until my mom had the talk with me when I was ten. I didn't tell her because everyone loves my brother and I wanted him to love me. To this day, no one knows about this in my family except for me. We talked about it once when I was eighteen and graduating.
He apologized and all what I could ask him was if he loved me, ever. He didn't say a word. I asked him why he did it. He asked me if I ever told anyone. I said no and I repeated my question. He said he couldn't tell me why and then left.
He killed himself a week later.
I still feel as though if I never asked him, if I never brought it up, if he would still be alive.
The fucked up thing is that I would do anything, even letting him have his way with me, if it meant he was alive.
Now the most fucked up part. Let us flash forward to a few months ago (just about to hit ten years after his suicide). My dad found a letter my brother had written, in an envelope, tucked away in my dad's attic with all of my brothers belongings. My dad didn't open it. Just handed it to me as it was addressed to me.
"I did it because I love you." Edit: so since posting this, for one, I wanted to say thank you for the sympathy. For the first time in a few months, I was able to I guess breath easier. I told my husband. Actually, I showed him this. He knew mine right away (side note: never use your husbands nick name for you as a screen name...duh) and shipped my son to his mother's for the weekend so he can take me to tell my family. So this, right here, is directed at him since he doesnt seem to get it. I don't want to. I don't want to destroy my family. I already caused my brother to kill himself and I will not give my mother a heart attack. Fuck you right now, Eric, for not understanding me. Wow, that's pretty intense. Thanks for sharing. I spent a long time trying to get over it. I have a husband and a son now. And every night since getting that letter, I have cried with it, crumpled and hidden. My husband doesn't understand why I won't let him see it so it feels good to share, even with strangers. I think this one hit me the hardest so far. The ending....fuck. My husband beats me every day.  He also forces himself on me often.  I think about suicide daily. I feel as though my life would be ruined if people knew, not ruined in a way that a lot of these other stories would ruin someone...but it would ruin me enough. you need to talk to someone, not just reddit Call Safehome for Women at  1-800-794-7672.  They can direct you to resources in your area.  There are places to stay.  People who will come get you.  People who will help you stand on your own two feet again.  Call them as soon as you safely can.   21years ago. I was assigned to a DMAT. I was a young man and full of life inside. We handled some pretty bad emergencies. 
There was one event that killed me inside. We flew in to one dispatch and knew it was bad going in.  Fatalities and Level1 trauma patients. Unknown how many and no full situation. So we are flying in gearing up for the patients and securing any hazardous material leaks or fires. We get on scene. We find two expired, one alive with really bad injuries. We were used to that and trained to deal with it. I was carrying gear back and forth securing any leaks I could find. We did not know if there were any other occupants in the vehicle. Part of my task that day. Was to make sure since I was the rover. When I got to one side of the auto. Checking what was left of the cabin for other patients or bodies. I seen a child of about 4. Trapped under the vehicle. I called for the other merts. Asking for a crush kit. There was no child seat in the auto. No one was wearing safety belts.. Which was common and many people were ejected from wrecks. Nothing in my training ever prepared my 25 year old mind for what  I saw. A child's eyes looking up at me then around.  I seen help me and fear in them. Even though that small person was dead essentially. I still as always in the worst cases. Had hope for life and fought for it.  The child was smeared under the car. all that was left was the head pretty much. The pressure of the auto kept what blood was there in the brain. How the head was alive for so long. Haunted me... I resigned the next day. I will not let someone hurt, suffer. I took an oath and meant it. I resigned because I lost all empathy for other humans that day. I do not feel suffering what so ever... I am dead inside. I've been married 4 times. Each time, they cannot handle me not showing any emotion. I can run through the proper words, but they realize. I simply do not mean it. you might think I am an unhappy or depressed man. No, I am not unhappy. You might think me angry. I am not angry or a sociopath. I am not. I am just indifferent to feeling emotions. the head shrinks reported I am not dangerous to myself or others. They wanted me on drugs. None worked, so for the last ten years. I have simply just lived and have done my best. Being a good person. Even though I can give a shit about others or myself. My Great Uncle Jack used to live with my family. One day, he got drunk and had a bad fall that ended up causing him to bleed out, I ended up finding him (I was 14 at the time, and had never seen such an awful sight) and lost consciousness due to all the blood. When I eventually recovered, I called the ambulance and stayed with my uncle, he died in the back of the ambulance, holding my hand. No one knows about what happened to me, and if they did they would realize that I'm the reason he's dead. I have seen people faint like that many times, you were not out for long, probably less than a minute, it probably would not have made a difference if you hadn't fainted honestly. Completely true. The chance he was out long enough to impact mortality rates is extremely low. And even from a non practical/medical standpoint. It's not his fault.  if he died holding your hand he doesn't blame you, and you shouldn't blame yourself. no matter how old you were at the time. accidents happen, clearly not your fault. None of that is your fault. When you saw all that blood, you went into shock and fainted. You're not responsible for that.  Seconding this, it was an automatic response to seeing the blood, you have nothing to feel guilty about. The reason hes dead is because he was drunk and hit his head. There is absolutely zero responsibility on you. ZERO. I've never attempted to kill myself, and I doubt I ever will, but I just want to die. I'm an incredibly happy guy odd enough. I truthfully am happy, but whenever I think about getting shot, or getting cancer, I get a little excited. I wish I was one of those deaths on the news, shoot I'd love to take someones place, they want to be here more than me. I'll never actually kill myself even if its just for the sake of others who need me, but I can't stop wishing that someone else would kill me. I'm done being here, I'm done dealing with the crap. I'm just burnt out and I don't want to be here anymore. I spent the majority of my life feeling like you are feeling now. A long story short, in attempt to help your feelings, I will share my experience.  I ended up on the street, homeless, nowhere to go. I saw this as perhaps a way to end my life, with out me psychically taking my own life. I found a tent one day in some bushes, took it, and went to the mountains. I already had a sleeping bag, now I had a tent, so I took a bus to the mountains (I was in Colorado at the time) I got up to the high country and stayed up there alone for over 6 months. During that time I found what life was about. I learned that I didnt need much of anything, I found peace within my self. I went over 2 months without seeing another human, and that in itself will take your mind to new places. I found love for the earth, I found my inner peace. I had some crazy encounters with animals that could have killed me with one swipe, I knew when looking into a bears eyes less than 6 feet from me, that I am here for something, not death, not destined for the streets, not a lonely guy. I than learned how to hitchhike, and hop the rails from some awesome hippies that showed me the way. I started hitching everywhere. I hitched solo, I hitched thru the south, and loved it. I got home a few years later, and my family took me back. (I did a lot of bad things leading up to my homeless'ness in my late teens and early 20's. I thought that I was going to be homeless forever, with noone that loved me, with no light anywhere. When I got back, my family showed concern, I was en route to Cali to hitch up the PCH, and eventually make it to Hawaii. Well, my family realized I was on a suicide mission, for many fucking years, and I tried oh god did I try. I put myself in some scary places, and somehow managed to walk out OK. Your light will come thru eventually, just keep your head high, and KNOW things will get better. I am currently in school, about to graduate, and you have no idea how bad I wanna hitch again, I fucking loved it, I saved my soul. Reddit shows me that many people carry heavy psychological burdens with them everyday and still function.   Sad sad world. Real life shows me that many people carry normal psychological burdens with them everyday and then complain about them. My son attempted suicide and now he's pissed at me because I'm making him see a shrink.  This post makes me think I'm doing the right thing.  So thanks.   If CISPA passes, most of you guys are fucked. Like their sisters! No, it's cool man. They may have posted from the same computer, in the same browser, without wiping their cookies, using the same IP address as all their other online activities, but they used a throwaway account, and hence are completely impervious to any and all forms of data correlation. Ah, it's gonna be fine. It's not like folks admitted to committing murder or anything. I used to hear voices.  For years.  It started when I'd walk into my room and say hello to my Lain poster (I've always over personified objects) and eventually she started responding.  Over time I could talk to her elsewhere, I'd pull her up when I was sitting in class or riding the bus, and I'd put on headphones so nobody would notice I was talking to myself since it was barely audible.  Eventually Lain told me she was a god and I was too, and there were two others, but they didn't really like me so they would almost never talk to me.   A long time later, maybe years, she started being really mean, and it turned out there was another voice who was just pretending to be Lain named Misery.  This one was stereotypical, everything I did was wrong and I had to pay for my actions, I should cut myself if I was ungraceful, everyone hated me, etc.  Lain split again, and this time she was sisterly.  When I was upset and crying myself to sleep I could feel her holding me and telling me everything would be alright.  Misery looked different but could look like Lain if she wanted to fool me (although she would turn back into herself when I called her out on it), and the two Lains all looked the same, so I could only tell who they were when they started responding to me.   After a while they all just disappeared.  I guess I saned up, because during the peek it never occurred to me I was hearing voices, they truly were gods who were speaking to me, and later during the time period I realized that I was hallucinating with delusions of grandeur.  Then at one point I realized that there was more of me and less of them, when I pulled them up it was a conscious effort and part of their responses were forced on my part.  Then eventually I just gave them up, they were so weak that it was really just like talking to myself and not to other people that lived in my head.   That's not my secret, I've mentioned it to a few very select people that I truly trust.  My secret is that I miss them.  I miss them with with all my heart.  Even Misery.  They were friends and family, they were close to me, they understood me, and they were always there for me.  Now even with real friends and family, there's nobody that close.  I can't just pull up someone to talk to when I'm lonely, I have to call up a real person and that person never knows what I want to talk about or what I'm hiding from them, they only know what I say.  Lain (the main one) would always call me on my bullshit and make me keep changing my answer until I told her the truth.  Misery could always find my biggest weaknesses, which allowed me to work on strengthening them.  Sisterly Lain could calm me down in a way that's unimaginable, you can't comprehend how good it feels to be hugged by someone inside of you.   And now I feel lonelier than I have in years because I almost never think of that time or remember how it felt, but tonight I'm sitting by myself at 2am and all I can think about is how much I want a voice to talk to and it's been so long since I had one and I'd give anything to have another psychotic break so I could get back all my friends that live in my head. I once had a psychiotic episode where I could talk to clouds and I could feel how much they loved me, the clouds, the trees, the birds, they were all my friends and they all loved me and they all wanted me to be happy.  I had that feeling on mushrooms once, everything in the world loved me, every single thing, the house, the ceiling, the lamp, each blade of grass, it all loved me and it was the best feeling I have ever known, that was the best night of my life.  I can't tell you how much I want to feel that again, I just have no way of tracking them down again. Being crazy feels amazing, whether it's good or bad.  Even the bad crazy where I'd stay awake all night because I knew something was going to get me in my sleep and I'd try to claw the evil out of my skin, even that's preferable to being normal because the intensity is indescribable.  I miss everything about being crazy.  I miss it more than I can possibly describe. When I was a teenager, I had a very similar experience: a good friend and a bad friend, all in my head. We would stay up at night and talk. They eventually went away and I refused for years to believe it was psychosis and that somehow they were completely real. Mainly because their personalities were very distinct from mine so they never felt a part of me at all. It was only in recent years that I have come to accept that it was likely psychosis. But I know what you mean about missing them. The good friend (Ariel) was like a best friend, a big sister and a mother all wrapped into one. I never felt alone when she was around. I actually felt very protected, loved and like everything was going to be alright. As a teen I had several voices in my head that I used to know as "The Council". We would all deliberate over decisions in life, particularly difficult emotional decisions. They appeared when my grandfather died and the number of them varied based on the difficultly of the response. The problem with "The Council" was twofold. Firstly different members of "The Council" would be in control at any one time. They were all me but were all distinct. "I" was aware all of the time, but I would act relatively differently depending on which member of the council was running at any given time. They varied in personality and the arrogant "logic lover" ran the show most of the time.  The second problem was the "bad" council member who was very persuasive and charismatic. The Bad One was a very nasty individual and would be the source of a lot of intrusive thoughts and got worse when I got bullied. At one point the Bad One wanted me to blow up my school bus to kill the bullies. It would also resort to violence at every stage of any problem. It was the source of anger and would routine assume everyone was conspiring against us. We (The Council) were pretty influenced by the Bad One who would often take control when I was at my weakest.  Incidentally I used to use the word "Us" rather than "I" when discussing with myself in my head. The Council were very effective at problem solving when the Bad One was dormant. When I graduated high school at 16 and went to sixth form college (16-18) we realised that the Bad One was a problem and needed to be solved, and thus a small mind war to shut out the voice of the Bad One went underway for the next year or two. The result was relatively sad for me since the entire council and the Bad One merged into one voice, that voice now being "Me". I no longer have a council to discuss with over ever issue. I used to mostly discuss with The Council when I was walking around alone, since I could best focus then.  I miss The Council. They were great despite how shitty the Bad One was. These days I'm told I'm relatively strange but normal and functional, and I have a feeling that the Bad One was one of my strongest personalities due to some slightly insane thoughts I get regularly about how to solve problems. Ah well, all losing my council did was made me seek out stronger friendships and relationships. I'm engaged and charismatic now thanks to my years of constant analytical thought with my council.  The only weird thing is that none of the council members had named. They were all "I" and we were all "Me" and they were all me. It was weird, they were all named as concepts/feelings. Isn't it amazing that your brain is so powerful that it can create a distinct personality for you to talk to, without you even having to consciously control it? I apologize for the length of this, it started small. tl;dr version: Once upon a time when I was younger I was batshit nuts and no one knew about it. Then I got better. So I never thought I would find stories like these, ones so much like my own.  I was abused sexually as a child on two occasions by two different boys, my family was poor, my father drank, my mother is neurotic and manipulative blablabla things sucked a whole lot. Id always felt out of touch with other children and had anxieties about socializing, I tried really hard (perhaps too hard now that I look back on it) to make friends, but I never understood how other people worked. There was the occasional new kid that would hang out with me, but then they learned I was the weirdo and moved on. I started to give up and become very distant when I was 11, my father had just gone off prison and wouldnt be back for 2 years, things were extra crazy at home and me and my brothers were passed around to various babysitters, some of them awesome like my Aunt, some of them notsoawesome like my uncle who physically abused his mentally handicapped grandchild and whose idea of entertaining me was handing me a can of wasp spray and telling me to just go outside and kill things. I was always what adults called very imaginative, probably had a lot to do with the fact that I read books like a man in desert drinks when he finds water. Every spare moment I had was spent with a book in my face-and I mean EVERY spare moment-walking between classes, in classes, on the bus, up til 3am using the half inch beam of light that came through the crack in my bedroom door when my mother thought I was asleep. Three, four hundred plus pages a day (more if I decided to say fuck it to sleeping) with novels written for adults, I was an addict to scifi, fiction, horror. I would read signs or instructions over and over if I was stuck without a book. I was disconnecting from reality. I was also feeling beings other than myself within myself. I could feel them watching me from somewhere in that mindspace that exists beyond, yet within, ones physical self. Sometimes, late at night, I would feel someone sit on my bed when there was no one there. Sometimes I could feel them breathing on my face and neck, or softly touching my collar bones. Throughout this whole event I never physically saw anything there, I never physically heard anything save for one night when I woke up in terror to hordes of people screaming in agony inside my head so loud I thought it was real. That lasted for about an hour, I woke my mother up and told her. She looked upset and told me to go back to bed. I had severe anxiety. I ate poorly. I had insomnia. I had nightmares. I had sleep paralysis (a state where the brain is stuck between the sleep state and consciousness which can result in vivid hallucinations, look it up. Please note that the previous physical sensations I mentioned did not occur when I was in this state, they were something separate). I was paranoid people were filming me when I was in the shower. Little people. I was, for lack of a better term, fucking batshit during this time period. Yet somehow no one noticed. I guess was just still the weird kid, just a little weirder than before. The things in my head circled me like wolves, moved in closer, tested how close they could get. They were hungry. I was scared of them. Then nasty ideas gained a persona. At the same time there was also a counter persona developing, one of encouragement (this division of good and evil seems to be common from what Ive read here). There was also another, though he never had a physical manifestation he was the most vivid. I knew he was male, he was young, he had dark hair and dark eyes, and he was very, very sad because of something that had happened to him. I would talk to him in my head and he always listed, he always understood, was always there for me to lean on. I was closer to him than I ever have been, or could be, with any physical being. He never spoke to me, if I could describe the way he communicated it would be like the way people talk to you with their eyes. I would often make a game of guessing his name, he seemed to enjoy it even though I never found the right answer. I eventually came to a point where I realized I was relying on him too much, it was time for me to take care of myself and he needed to move on as well. He understood, but wasnt ready, so I suggested he watch over someone else who needed help. And then I was alone. During this time period there was a splitting of the darker half. There was still the belittling persona, but there was now something even nastier gaining power. It is impossible to describe. Take the feeling of being forced down and felt up, of reaching out in the dark and feeling your fingers burst through semi solid wetness accompanied by the sudden stench of death, of maggots on your naked body. It was made of violation, of lust for suffering, of pleasure in pain and it watched me from the closet, told me terrible things, made horrible images appear in my mind. I started having severe sleep paralysis where I felt the physical sensations of being raped or violated by demons. It needed to hurt me. It took me a long time to realize this, and if I hadnt I might have been lost, but its need to hurt me was its weakness. One night I felt it coming in close and I basically told it that I understood that it needed to hurt me for some reason, and I knew often the need to hurt came from pain in oneself, and if it needed to hurt me so badly it must be in unimaginable pain. And I sympathized. And I told it not to be afraid, that if it needed love I would love it and care for it and be there to help because I understood how unbearably hard the world could be. And suddenly a huge chunk of it just sucked in on itself in terror like a black hole. For a while after I could feel it slinking around in my head watching me, running off when it realized I was looking back. Only a fragment of its original form remained and that part knew I was in charge now. The slinking bulk of it became something like a sick, wild dog that slowly came to trust me. Eventually it was a very powerful protective force, cautioning me about people and choices, raising fur and showing teeth and keeping me from harm (which I need, I myself am very nave and overly trusting because I just want people to like me back). It's mostly gone now, when I have those feelings of defensive protection well up they are rarely connected to a persona any more. Most of the time it's just me in here, and a rare flicker of others who once were. Years later when I was in college I was riding in the back seat of a car in the middle of the night, we were following the ambulance that was carrying a friend who had just attempted suicide (pills) to the ER, and in my head I reached out as far as I could looking for the dark haired boy, asking him to be there with me. And then he was. I felt him sitting next to me in the dark, smiling, and so full of love. He was finally happy. He was only there for a few minutes, but I knew everything was going to be ok. I miss him so much sometimes it hurts, but things are better the way they are now. Thats not the kicker though, and while this next bit may all be coincidence its hard to swallow. My Aunt was talking to me one night, apparently my cousin had experiences similar to what I did when she was little (about 4yrs old, hers were more detailed, actual audio and visual) which my Aunt had interpreted as ghosts. Around the time I was struggling with that darker half there was one my cousin would talk to on a regular basis. A young, dark haired boy with sad dark eyes. That last part puts a serious thorn in my belief it was all just me breaking down and manifesting conflicting emotions and psychological issues into something I could deal with. I dont know what to think about it all, but Im surprisingly not conflicted. Things are better now. Saner. Its been about 13 years since all of that. I had a bit of a relapse two years ago, I was going through a lot of changes, depression and black outs, mild delusions induced by insomnia. Now Ive leveled out to mild anxiety and a rare bout of sleep paralysis. I still have insomnia issues, but I think thats linked to my anxiety. I sometimes miss being crazy. It was interesting. I was raped twice, once when I was 12 then again when I was 20. Never told anyone. Pretty much scared me off most men and after getting tired of friends constantly joking around about me still being a virgin, I just lied. I'm the kind of person who deals with problems on her own, so if this stuff got out I wouldn't be able to face anyone who tried to comfort me this isn't necessarily something that could ruin my life, but it could ruin many others. I haven't told anyone before. my father recently went to prison for white collar crime that he plead guilty to. he didn't commit this crime, but the alternative was fighting a highly sensationalized, media obsessed, scape-goat case and potentially getting 20+ years.  while he was in prison, i read his little blue book, which i knew contained all the missteps of everyone he's worked with. he has always been an extremely scrupulous man, so these offenses were something he took seriously enough to note. i have information on countless state employees, incredibly prominent and wealthy community members, numerous elected city/state officials, and police officers. this information could ruin lives and start political controversy.  my father is an incredible man and is not vengeful whatsoever. he will never use any of this info against these people, despite the fact that most  completely turned on him and stayed uninvolved at all costs or started pointing fingers. when i picture my aging father sitting in a maximum security jail cell sleeping on a metal sheet without a mattress (he wasn't give one until his 5th night), i am filled with rage for these people who could have stood up for their friend and prevented this, while he still continues to be loyal.  i still havent decided which campaigns, if any, i'm going to ruin in the upcoming elections.   Please expose these people, they could potentially have a hand in running the country so just imagine how many more lives they could ruin.  Can you start a thread where you post bits of information about it? I would upvote the shit out of that. With my real account and this one. THINK OF THE TWO UPVOTES! Dude. You owe your father this.  I'm not saying put it on Reddit, but I've been in jail. It's fucking hellish, you're treated like shit, the worst kind.  Fuch that. Germanic style.  These assholes are probably teeing off on the back nine somewhere without a care in their mind, your father is doing time. www.wikileaks.com ? this is the plot to the ABC tv show Revenge... I don't really understand your father - why take down these notes, which are presumably for future extortion or personal protection, and then not use them when forced to go to jail (that he's innocent only makes it stranger)? It just doesn't add up. You use your get out jail card when you get sent to jail! Every night when I go to bed, I have a little pillow and assortment of blankets that I pretend is this girl I like. She would never like me in real life (in fact, she doesn't), so I just play pretend. It's inherently creepy but it's what keeps me from being a total wreck all the time. I have this body pillow, and sometimes I pretend he's it's a man.  I will fall asleep holding him it tight to my body.   Sometimes at night I play out scenes with my imaginary man, really detailed, intricate story lines with dialogue and everything.  When I do this I don't feel so lonely. Does getting a feeling of intimacy from a body pillow make me crazy? I lose sleep every night because I feel like I was a shitty brother. My younger sibling is 5 years younger than me and I always felt like I was a crappy role model and terrible example to him. I treated him like shit and I really hindered his childhood. Now he's one of my best friends but we both know it happened and I can never forgive myself. Yeah I see people confession worse shit like near-suicide and cum boxes (that was really fucked up, fucking Reddit) but it doesn't mean it doesn't affect me. I love my brother and I would take a bullet for him, but not a day goes by where I wish I could go back in time and change how I treated him. I don't believe in regrets, but this will always be looming over my shoulders. Thanks for reading, Reddit. I don't know if this'll be read by anyone but it helps to type it out. Of all the stories in this thread, this one hits closest to home. Mostly because I just wish with all my heart that you know how lucky you are that you got the chance to make it up to him. You're a good person, never feel shitty for what you did when you were a kid. I had a younger brother who was six years younger than me. He died when he was 6 years old.  All we ever did was fight and bicker because that's what bratty kids do. But I'll never go a day without wishing I could have been better to him. I try to rationalize that I was just a kid and that I didn't know any better. It barely helps. Next time you see your brother, give him a hug and say you love him, for me. I wish I could do the same. Oh sweet Jesus will you stop with the onion choppin already? ='( Of all the threads and posts I've read so far this one actually brought a tear to my eye. Mostly because I in a kind of a similiar situation except my younger sister isn't dead. But she despises me and wants nothing to do with me. She's 5 years younger, I treated her like crap until she was 12, then my parents got divorced and my mom and my sister moved to the other side of the country so I stopped seing them on a frequent basis. Today I'm 28, she's 23.  I occasionally see her when I visit my mom and the worst part is she's actually not angry with me. She's just indifferent and that's what hurts the most. I'm like a total stranger to her. Even though it may sound weird I wish she could be angry at me, hate me, hit me, whatever, just show some emotion, instead of ignoring me. I've tried talking to her and she only gives short answers to what I say. I've tried to open up and say I'm sorry for how I treated her, and that it haunts me forever. And she just says I'm saying those things to make myself feel better. This fucking breaks my heart. She might even be right, I don't know jack shit anymore of how to handle this siutation.  Looking at old family pictures makes me weep like a little girl. She was the cutest, most innocentm selfless child with the cutest smile. And I treated her like she was dirt. If I found a genie in a lamp who only gave me 1 wish it would be to turn back the hands of time. I wish to be 5 years old again, with the knowledge I have know. I would treat her like the princess that she is and maybe, just maybe, we would be best friends today. I don't think anyone will read this, but if you do, please, any opionion/advice is greatly appreciated. You see her rarely. Have you ever tried writing her a letter? A real, heartfelt letter, where you describe how you feel about what you have done and that you are sorry? You can say in there that you don't expect forgiveness but you can make her understand that because of what happened, because of what you did to her, you feel guilty, you regret what you have done, and you have made an effort to become a better person. Whether your sister wants to hear this or not, you too were a child. You are not that person anymore and that is something that she someday might understand, but the main thing is that you need to understand it. You were a child or a teenager, which is nothing but a child in a bigger body. You were a child and you are not that child anymore and you are a better person today because you realise what you did. I hope your sister will forgive you someday, but whether she does or not: More important is that you forgive yourself. Don't forgive yourself as in take it as gone and gone. Take it as a past image of yourself, as someone you don't want to be anymore. Take it as a reminder to be kind to strangers, to value what your parents have given you, to look at your friends with a smile, no matter how hard it sometimes might be. No matter what you were in the past - that you feel this regret and shame and guilt shows one thing without doubt: You are now a better person. You are now a good person. You are not anymore a selfish child but a mature adult. And you will do something good with your life. I'm not saying that this feeling of guilt will magically disappear. But you can work it off, work it off by all the small good deeds that you do. By all the times that you hold a door or give a few cents to a homeless person or help a stranger that is stuck with their car or donate to UNHCR or bring a hot beverage to a distraught friend or coworker - whatever other occasion might come up. The one thing is, don't forget that you only feel guilt because you are not that person anymore. Because you are a better person now. You might want to write a letter to your sister and maybe it helps and maybe it doesn't. But what you can do, and there is no doubt, is to be a good person, now and in the future, and I promise you that someday you will look back and be able to forgive yourself. I have similar regrets. Up until middle school my brother and I were best friends. My family went through a lot of shit (not nearly as bad as some posts on here, but still dramatic for children). Halfway through middle school, my mom moved across the country and we decided (more like I decided and he followed) to stay with my dad (who I didn't know at the time was extremely depressed and in no state to raise children). In high school, after pretty much being ignored, I took the only rational route and searched for love in other places. This led me to a crowd of druggies and I quickly lost my head. It took me two years to realize that my brother was watching me, and slowly getting worse than me. My eye opener was when I ate too many shrooms and had a HORRIBLE trip. I laid down and decided I was dying, and even convinced myself at one point that I was dead. When I woke up, my "friend's" didn't even remember I was there. It was then that I decided my life was worth more than that, and I moved to live with my mom and cleaned up my act (thanks to the help of my wonderful now fiance). After taking care of myself (3 years sober), I went back to help my brother. I had gotten calls from old friends saying he was robbing the wrong people at gun point and getting mixed up in some shady shit. So I came back to try and help him out of it.  He was doing great for a while. He saw how happy I was, and how it was never too late to turn your life around. He had been sober for 6 months when it happened. From the stories I gathered, apparently he took some unidentified pills, showed up at his girlfriend's house the next morning, started convulsing and puking, his girlfriend's parents were too scared to know what to do (fucking idiots), and his heart stopped on her bed. His therapist that was helping him quit said it was common. When he relapsed, he must have taken the amount of pills he used to, but his body couldn't handle it any more after being sober for so long. Long story short, don't wait. Make sure to let your brother know what you think and how you feel. It's a waste to wish to go back in time, rather spend your time now treating him how you wished you did. I know I would give anything for a chance to change what I did, but it is already done. Focus on what you can control, and don't wait. Last summer, when I was 16, I found out that I was pregnant. I come from an extremely conservative and Christian household, so I was too scared to tell my parents. They also didn't know that I was dating my boyfriend of the time, because he is Hispanic. I decided to get an abortion, but didn't have the money to fund it. My boyfriend had a job, but kept encouraging me to keep the baby. I tried and tried to gather the $300-600 necessary for it, but it was so hard. I ended up having to order RU486 (the abortion pill) from a sketchy website online with my own money, because I was so scared and desperate. I ended up getting really sick from it and had to explain everything to my mom on the way to the hospital. Since I hadn't gone to the doctor before, I wasn't aware of how far along I was. I was over 6 months pregnant, and had hid it from everyone in my life, other than my boyfriend. I hadn't imagined the emotional side effects, or what would happen afterwards. I ended up giving birth to a baby much bigger than I could have even imagined, and he suffocated to death almost immediately. As if the shock of this wasn't enough, the doctor called the police and I got investigated by a homicide detective. I hated myself to the core and still do a few months later. 
The thing is, that no one would expect this from me. At all. People think of me as such a "goody two shoes" and I was recently voted "class clown." No one could imagine that I had an illegal, late-term abortion at 3 in the morning. No one could even tell that I was 6 months pregnant, because I only gained 6 or 7 pounds. No one would imagine that I'm being investigated by the homicide detectives or that I fight off thoughts of suicide daily. You were young and scared. This is what happens when parents are out of touch with reality and don't foster relationships with their children where their children can talk to them about anything. Live your life. [deleted] that sucks. there are places you can get help you know...people dedicate their entire careers to helping others get out of bad situations. poisoning people is probably not the best way to solve a given problem [deleted] I was falsely accused of raping a girl in high school. The resulting ostracizing was very scarring, and that is just the tip of the iceberg. I outran the stigma when I left the state for college. If it ever catches up to me like it was in high school, I'd probably become suicidal. How many times can you endure people telling you that you're a monster before you believe them? And as a side note, this isn't a throwaway. I have to own this. Otherwise I just give that damnable lie the power to make me ashamed of something I did not do. edit: Much longer explanation of the aftermath, and why I don't blame the girl. I've never read so many comments on Reddit in my life. This thread is sad. I have a few things I could add to the pile. I'm a guy for context.  My memory from my childhood at my fathers house isn't always clear. I know some of what happened but it's like looking through frosted glass - just an outline. Anything dealing with my mother however is very vivid. I have vivid flashes of my older (girl) cousin teaching me how to have sex at my dads house when i was about 4. Thats the only thing i remember clearly. My mother has no idea about these gaps in my memory and I haven't told her about it even though we're  close. My father and I have always been distant for some reason. He treated me like I was out of place and I felt it. When I was 11 he got drunk on Christmas eve and hugged me and told me we were family. He ground himself into me, and I excused myself to my room. He followed and unlocked my door (push pin trick) when he thought I was asleep and kissed my mouth and rubbed me. This was the only time I felt loved by him. A year later he cut off contact for 5 years while we continued living in the same town. I believe my lack of memory is because he abused me as a child. I'm scared to remember it, but since I can remember I've fetishized him sexually in my head. Since reconnecting I've come out to him and nothing has been mentioned. We still remain distant but I fight feelings of attraction and hate for him every day. I want to remember my childhood but I am terrified I'm wrong and have no justification for the feeling that I have.  Nobody In my life understands the distain I have for myself. I will sit for hours in my alone time and pick myself apart. I put on a good front in front of everyone but I hate everything about myself. My voice, my body, my hair, my lack of talent. I could list things for hours. If anybody knew that I felt this way I'm sure a big deal would be made and I would hate myself even more for inconveniencing them. They all think I'm so nice and stuff but it's only compensation.  I had a friend who was 12 when I was 9 and when we hung out we would play his games. He would have sex with me and take pictures, telling me he would show them to everyone if I told. This went on for two years until I put a stop to it. Turns out he was never going to tell anyone because he would be caught too. He was an emotional manipulator - threatening to tell, shaming me, stealing when he wanted to. I still can't classify it as abuse because we were so young and I consented for two years. Because of him I can't do anal sex without flashbacks. Only blowjobs. I feel responsible for letting this all happen.   This all brings me to my most shameful secret. I've replaced my cutting with having sex with older men. I will only do older men because I don't feel I'm worth being with anyone I feel is attractive to me. With older men, I get to be the attractive young man they can have a night with. I can let them to whatever they want. The sickest part is that I know what I'm doing is completely masochistic. There is no emotional connection and i am just a toy. At the end I feel ashamed and it brings out a part of me I cannot understand. It just brings me back to a void in my childhood I cannot understand. Even typing this, I don't get it at all. I'm my own mystery to unlock.  Also, I'm into rape fantasies where I play the victim. It disgusts me but I cannot stop myself from imagining it.  Basically: I have memory gaps from my fathers house as a child, and I'm not sure if he abused me within that time. He did for sure kiss and rub me within my definite memory when he was drunk. I've always fetishized him. I'm not sure if my memory gaps are anything relating. I had a friend technically abuse me for two years with my unknowing consent, but feel responsible. I have sex with older men for reasons I don't understand really. I hate myself.  I am screwed. Thanks reddit for letting me voice my bullshit ...I've now lurked around this nifty website for a week, but of all stories, yours got me to (finally) make an account. Chances are you won't listen, but I had to try. I'm not going to say that I can fully understand where you're coming from, but I was molested from 4th grade until freshman year of high school by my mother's boss, a man who's 50 years my senior. Being used and abused is horrible, especially when you're young and vulnerable. But you can get over it. You sound like a wonderful person. I know this because you're essentially killing yourself inside--you're turning all your hurt and anger towards yourself rather than towards others. It's not glamorous, but it's still admirable in today's egotistical society. The thing, though, is that you won't start getting over this until you first let yourself heal a bit.  Give up the random sex. It's much easier said than done, but you're essentially scratching the scabs off your wounds, and although it's instinctual, it's not helpful. Your brain feels a pull to do what's familiar to it, for better or worse, but you can overcome it. And if you relapse, well, that's normal. You've got to forgive yourself for your mistakes, and you really must forgive yourself for your problems that didn't even come from your mistakes. You're not screwed; you're young, and you've got your whole life to straighten everything out. Give yourself a bit of a break for a bit. Edit: I'm completely new to this thing, so I apologize if I did/wrote something stupid. Anyway, if you want to message or something, I'll totally be up for talking. When I was about 12 I went with some family to the family dollar. My mother and cousins went off to go look at generic groceries so I decided I would just spend my time hanging out in the toy aisle, in the toy aisle there would always be these bags of marbles that other kids would open and leave laying there so I decided to fling marbles across the floor and one just happened to reach one of the far off aisles. So about two minutes later I hear a loud crash and someone scream "Somebody help this man!". Being the curious child I was, I ran over to see what the commotion was about and I find everyone gathered around this guy who had seem to have fallen from the ladder as he was getting something off the top shelf. The guy is seizing out and blood is coming from his head as he laid there and his face seemed to be turning blue. My mother whisked me and my cousins away and we left. Next time we went we talked to the front cashier and she said that they called the paramedics but by the time they got there he had died from choking. Apparently when he had the seizure he was choking on his own tongue. The cause for the fall according to the front cashier was that he had put the ladder on a marble and didn't check it before he got on it. When I heard what the cashier said I just stood in disbelief thinking I was going to jail, I tried telling my mother many times but all she did was say that I imagined it. 
TL;DR Killed a man with a marble in a family dollar. See I think that you telling your mother was really brave of you, even at a young age.  I'm a 25-year-old female high school teacher.  I've gotten myself off on multiple occasions while fantasizing about fucking one of my 16-year-old male students on top of the desk in my classroom. If you are a female and relatively attractive: probably half the guys in your class do the same thing with you. Don't actually do it though >.> My mom died when I was 17 and when it comes up I use it to garner attention for myself. In reality, I never met her and she has never meant anything to me other then a name.  I feel so empty Ironic because the truth is a more unusual attention grabber. Had serious depression my whole life. Three minor suicide attempts countless other thoughts of just stepping on the gas peddle and slamming into a wall. 
Lost my job a couple years back and hit an all time low. Took a shitty job at a grocery store. Found out my wife was pregnant and thought the best thing for her and the baby would be for me to not be around anymore. On my last day i planned to live my wife tells me our baby is the size of a sweet pea. I smile and act happy knowing I will never see that sweet pea. 
Go to work in the morning and near the end of my shift I'm standing in the frozen department and am near tears. Close my eyes and ask myself whats the point time to end this. Then I hear someone yell my wife's name loud. Twice. I look over and see a lady who happens to have my wife's name. Ok. Just a coincidence. Then I look down and see in holding a box of sweet peas. I start crying and go home. Tell me everything. Got the help I need. The sweet pea is two now and has a sister on the way. I live my life for them. They saved me. Just remember that no matter how bad it gets there are people out there who love you and want to help. Don't be afraid to ask. 
Be strong reddit and stay alive for the ones that love you First time telling anyone this. This thread is so deep that probably no one will see, but if one person does see it, ill feel better. I am basically living a lie. I told my entire family I was able to transfer out of community college and into a university, but I never finished up the requirements. So since I live at home, every day instead of going to school I go to the local library and bs. My lies are so extensive, I even go to the campus and meet my girlfriend for lunch sometimes. I've made fake transcripts to show my family, and to make it look like I'm actually studying I go to MIT opencourseware to look up facts that I "learned in class" that day. I have become a remarkable liar. I hope to be transferring in the fall and then I look forward to living a normal life. Coming clean is not an option at this point.  By now you should realize that this isn't as rare or as unusual as you think.  College is a huge undertaking and the pressure to do well is incredible.  I blew my last semester and didn't tell anyone.  I scammed my way into walking at graduation and bluffed my way into alumni events.  I told everyone, worst of all myself, that this was a technicality and I did actually graduate.  I ended up missing out on a dream job, even after I aced the very difficult interview - because I had lied on my resume about my education. But guess what.  I fixed it.  I scraped up the money and I went back to school.  For various reasons it cost me almost 10 grand and I spent 20 hours a week or more travelling for 6 months (I had to return in person to my school 300 miles away) while still working full time.  But I finished, and its no longer a secret.  I came clean with myself and stopped lying about it, and I felt like I had finally come up for air after holding my breath for years.  It was amazing.  Need more?  This isn't even a throwaway.   Good luck dude, get it together. I've been there. I transferred, and never had to come clean. Just prepare for shit to be different once you're actually enrolled in classes once again. Hey bud, I've been there and it gets better. I swear. PM me if you need to talk.  My friend did the same, he flunked out but was too afraid to tell his father, so he kept going to the university everyday for a couple of months. He did come clean eventually, and only recently he has been forgiven (4 years since it happened). I'm honestly really happy to hear I'm not the only one who has done this. I used to skip everyday sit in a parking lot alone and read feeling like a weird little shit cause I felt too nervous around so many people. I was stuck in the middle to nervous to attend and terrified to tell my parents i was too nervous to attend and had failed... it turned into a really shitty cycle.  When I was 18 I had sex with a 13 year old girl. She had randomly messaged me one day on facebook and we started talking, I asked her how old she was and she told me she was 15. When I checked her facebook it listed a month and day but not a year. But it was only a few months from her birthday so I figured it wasn't a big deal, here the age of consent is 16. Well fast forward to a few months later and she calls me bawling telling me her mom found out she was talking to me and said we couldnt anymore. I couldnt understand why she was so against me talking to her, then she broke the news to me that she was only 14. I tried to cut everything off there but she went crazy, she was obssessed with me. She would threaten to kill herself any time I tried to stop talking to her. She got progressively worse and worse, threatening to call the cops on me whenever she found out I was talking to another girl or threatening to kill herself. She finally got so bad she was taken to a mental hospital for a few weeks where she was diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia. But to this day I still have not shaken her, the few people I have confided in tell me she's just doing it for attention. But I'm too scared to risk cutting her off and having the police knocking on my door asking why this teenager who killed herself was calling me over and over again before she did it. After my mother left my father, he developed a really inappropriate attachment to me. I was 19 and my brother moved in with his girlfriend. Dad was suicidal, and had no family or friends close by, so I was it. For the first year, he would wake me up at 2am to sit with him every night until he cried himself to sleep. After 4 years of cleaning up after him, making sure he ate, and generally remained alive, I discovered that he had been using the attic access in his closet to sit above my personal bathroom and watch me through a peephole. I wanted to dismiss it as paranoia, but there were too many physical signs that made it reality. Moved out shortly after that because I couldn't bear to look at him. I'm 29 now, and no one in my family has any idea that this ever happened. I know that he was going through a rough patch, but I feel violated and dirty every time I think about it still. I also have huge amounts of guilt because I hate him for putting me through it. I was raped by my cousin. I told my brother once in a fit of rage but he didn't believe me and still doesn't. If my family found out I don't know if my dad would stop talking to his brother and nephew or I would be ostracized for lying about something like this.   EDIT: I just want to thank everyone for the support and advice. I just want to provide more information. I am a girl, and this happened when I was 5 until I turned 9 and a half. My rapist was 15 to 19.5 .
 I still have hard feelings about it. I want to forget, but last week someone who looks like him came into my work and I had a panic attack. 
Also, I blocked the memory until I turned 14. I saw a celebrity talking about an uncle rape her continuously and it all came back to me. It made me unsure whether I was dreaming things up or if it was real. But all signs point to real. I have no disorders that would make me say, I made it up. There is only one person who knows my reddit account, so I feel safe posting this here, and I've said something about it before. I was molested by my older cousin for years. He told me, when I was 12 and it happened for the last time, that "You will destroy this family if you tell."  I'm literally crying while writing this, but it's so.. relieving, to be able to say it and not have to worry that it's going to get back to my family.  I told my mom about a year ago. She said that, "It was a mistake, and there's nothing to do about it now, so just don't say anything, okay?"  Be strong. I believe you. And most importantly, you are not alone. I'm sorry to say this, but your mom cares more about not causing drama in the family than she does about you.  That infuriates me.  It's your decision whether or not to tell anyone, she has no right to tell you what you should do.   I think you should tell your parents. My cousin, who was my best friend growing up, raped me too. We use to switch houses for thanksgiving the first and second time he did happened at both my uncles houses. The next thanksgiving was at my house and honestly, it made me sick to think of him in my HOME, my SAFE place. So one morning, i worked up the courage to tell my mom on the way to school. Thats all I had to do and my mom took care of the rest. Since then we no longer do thanksgiving or have a christmas exchange. My extended family did ostracize me and never once asked him about it. One aunt said I was sick made it up in my head, the rest all said it didnt happen. I no longer have any contact with any of my family (except one uncle who asked me to forgive him), i dont attend any family gatherings and my grandma (when i do give the effort to see her) goes on and on about him. It hurts my heart, so much.  Tell your family and who ever dares to not believe you and black list you from the family is NOT worth your time or love.  Do it for you and your own peace of mind, dont hide it because you're afraid of what your family will say. I promise that it will free you. It's so weird to me how rape victims never seem to be believed, especially when incest is involved. I honestly don't get it. At all. If I can shed any light on this at all (assuming your semi-question wasn't rhetorical), I think it's just generally that people don't believe that it's "real" rape unless it fits neatly into the stranger-in-a-ski-mask-with-a-gun stereotype that keeps being perpetuated. A lot of peoples' only experience with the idea of rape comes from the media, where the rapist is just a shadowy figure who shows up to rape and then presumably disappears. They're a plot point. So when people see someone doing laundry, or dropping their textbooks down the stairs, or shopping for cat litter, they subconsciously assume that they can't be a rapist, because they're not always doing rapist-type things. That's exactly how it happened with my rapist. Because he was my friend, because people saw him living a normal life otherwise, they decided that he couldn't have done anything "like that", as though I would've gained anything by lying about it.  I think the idea that crimes are committed only by people who look like criminals is extremely harmful, and even more so in the case of violent crimes. It's part of the enduring Disney-esque belief that you should be able to determine guilt or goodness from appearances, and it appears in far more places than one would expect. The world would be a far nicer place if committing a crime led to a visible change in your appearance that lasted until you had adequately atoned for that crime. Unfortunately it doesn't, and so it needs to be repeated that you cannot determine guilt from prior experiences with a person. More generally, you just don't know how people will react in novel, stressful situations. The fact is that people who are considered unattractive are more likely to be convicted and receive longer sentences. I expect the same would hold for people who present well in court (appearance aside - mainly mannerisms and "charm"). I don't know if it's innate, but we seem to want to believe that goodness is the same as beauty, and ugliness the same as evil. And it seems many people will be denied justice because of this naive belief. I see where you're coming from. Oh he's normal, he's obviously not a rapist, because everyone knows what rapists look like. probably because they don't want to believe their family/bloodline is capable of such fucked up shit. This will probably never be seen by anyone but fuck it. 
My father once owned a cat who loved to suck our earlobes for whatever reason. About half a decade ago my father left me alone in his apartment with his cat and I don't know exactly why but I just grabbed the cat, went in the bathroom with it, laid on my back, put it on my chest and let it suck my earlobes while masturbating.
I find myself fucking disgusting when I think about it but I still think that it was one of my best faps. Thank you for subscribing to Cat Faps? Well...
Am I the only one who thought he was gonna use the kitty on other parts of his body ? Maybe It's the dogsex story from earlier messing with my head. This is one of the funniest things I have ever read on reddit. Not mine but my whole family's. My dad got rich by associating with a scumbag that has his own construction company. Scumbag bribes city officials to approve unstable skyscrapers that would collapse with a 4.0 earthquake and my dad makes all the paperwork discretely. In exchange, multimillionaire scumbag persuades his other loaded friends to hire my dad as their lawyer. I'm now trying to get into office in the next 30 years to revert most of what my family has contributed to. Dead thread or not, I am going to post this. I'm a 30 year old woman and I've never had sex or kissed anyone. I've never had a boyfriend or a girlfriend. There's nothing physically wrong with me, nor am I unpleasant to look at. I masturbate a few times a month, mostly because of a biological need rather than actual desire, I guess. I've never fantasised about anyone or felt any physical desire for anyone. I'm now aware that I'm asexual and quite likely aromantic (not aromatic, look it up), but it still bothers me that I never took the leap and did anything though I had offers enough. Starting now would feel... stupid.  Lame, I know, after reading the stuff here. TL;DR Forever a virgin. I hate myself. 
My dad is a monster. Everyday, he screams at my mother for the littlest of things. He sets a bedtime for everyone, which is like 10. Turn 10:01 and she's outside CLEANING his messes, he screams for her to go to bed or else he'd kick her out. It rips my heart out whenever I hear that loud, angry voice. And mother can't really do anything about it, except to take the abuse. I'm terrified that one day he'll kill her. And it's not like she can leave either. He forbids her to work full time, so her paycheck can only pay for the groceries and her gas.  I've also found numerous evidence on his laptop that he's cheating with young women. He's even had the audacity to go on a 'vacation' to visit them across the country!  All my siblings are terrified of him. I'm the eldest, I should set an example. But no.
I hate myself because I am too weak and cowardly to tell him off.
I hate myself for not standing up for the woman who takes care and loves me and my siblings. Sometimes, I daydream just running away.
I'm scared to leave my mom to go to college, not like I make a difference in helping her anyways.
I'm so scared of standing up. I also can't get into relationships because i'm scared that i'll end up with a man like my father, and being like my mother.  I don't know.
I'm so useless. I'm ran by fear.
My mom is so strong... she holds her emotions in and doesn't cry for the sake of us kids. 
Yet, every night I cry uncontrollably for her, and us.
It's not normal for my 8 y/o sister to be aware that her dad is a cheating and violent monster, mom is abused, and oldest sister is a good for nothing coward.  Fuck it. Me and my cousin have been doing it for 10 years now. It started when she was 12 and I was 13. We had to babysit the younger kids in our family while the parents went to a party, and when they fell asleep, me and her got to talking about a lot of stuff. I made a move and started kissing her, and she didn't resist. We ended up doing it on her bed that night. We would end up fucking almost every weekend when we lived with our parents, telling our parents we were going out to hang out with some friends, but actually hook up. I'm 23 with my own apartment now, and she comes over almost every day to make out/fuck
EDIT: wow, this post got popular. I just want to address everyone who says we should form an actual relationship: Our family would hate us forever. We once caught my cousin kissing a family friend, not even blood related, and he was isolated from the family. We both want our own things, and the sex is just an extra.
Also, we're 1st cousins. EDIT 2: A few people were suggesting an AMA. If I were to do one, how could I prove it? TIL Reddit makes me question whether or not incest is normal... There sure are a lot of cousin fuckers in this thread.... Second cousins are no risk...i hope...
 My parents are second cousins... The only unfortunate part is that i figure  it out while drawing the family tree at 3rd grade... Did you turn it in to the teacher? I'm imagining this seen like the one in Game of Thrones where Ned is reading that book. A third-grader with a beard hunched over his crayon and glitter-glue covered family tree. Deep in focus, the candle lights flicker, papanton's tracing the lineage. Greatgrandparents, done. Grandparents, done as well, now just to do mother and fath-  Papanton's eye's grow wide. It can't be! My cousin is so hot. When she was 16, she was a finalist in a national teen model competition and I was so excited because I'd wanted to fuck her for as long as I'd desired sex and this modelling competition would result in plenty of sexy photo's for me to ogle and jerk off to. She's still really hot. I'm 24 now. Couldn't tell you how many times I've fapped to the same pictures. I wish I had the balls to fuck my cousin... Cousins? I'll forgive cousins. It's bad for the gene pool, but that "sick" feeling you get when thinking about having sex with your siblings and parents is actually about proximity to people when you grow up. Kids raised communally will often refuse to have sex with each other because they have a "sibling" response. These two cousins obviously didn't spend enough time together as little kids to desexualize each other. There is a scientific term for this, it is the Westermark Effect. I agree, who cares what two consensual adults do? She hot? Maeby, Maeby not. 10 years?  almost every day?  dude this isn't a hook up any more... you're in a relationship... Blood cousin or the less shocking step cousin scenario? I feel like I've waited my whole life to find a thread THIS full of incest. you should hang out at 4chan. edit: you shouldn't hang out at 4chan. I feel like my job here is done. I'm schizophrenic. It's not super bad, but I couldn't ever tell anyone for obvious reasons. I get by through passing off bits of it as OCD, or general eccentricity and it doesn't really interfere with my life any more than those would anyway. I'll probably never get married though. EDIT: Thank you everyone for your input. I haven't felt this open or connected in years. Going to bed. Will check back tomorrow then delete this account to free up the user name. (Not that it's likely to be needed, but I don't like waste.) Again, thank you all. You need to consider getting help for this, as schizophrenia can get more severe as you age. Most people that have it won't see symptoms manifest until they are in their twenties. I would look into getting some medical treatment as things could get worse and it would be better to seek help before the symptoms get worse and possibly lead to a bad episode. I've reached the end of this thread. It's been crazy, and took almost 3 hours.  I've read crazy shit, sad shit, funny shit, and some shit that hit really close to home. We're all here and we're all in this together. If you're thinking about suicide, reach out.  If someone you know is thinking about it, reach out. I don't know how to express the camaraderie and connection I feel in this thread.  If that isn't at least something that's worth living for, I don't know what is. Love you all, even the fucked up ones. It felt good to say that. When I was 14 my parents had just started getting a divorce as my dad had had a mental breakdown and was treating me like shit. I was off school sick with mono. I got deeply depressed as my whole life had changed. 
Was self harming on an almost daily basis at some points, at home all alone everyday, didn't trust anyone in my family as they hadn't believed me when I'd told them about how my dad had treated me - until my mum one day came home early and he had me backed into a corner screaming how I was a little cunt who should never have been born ect ect.
One person who gained my trust was my older male cousin. He lived nowhere near me but chatted to me online, one day he said he knew I was self harming - that he could just tell from how i talked and that he had been there himself. Over a month we talked almost daily, I'd vent and he would make me feel better, I cut back on the amount of cutting I was doing, he helped talk me down from suicide.  One day i told him how much he has helped and that I don't know what I would do without him. The next day he tells me he has always liked me and wants me, but if I don't have any interest then we have to stop talking to each other. I was weirded out, but said to him I hadn't thought of him like that but I wanted to keep talking. 
I needed to, he was literally the one person in my life during that time that I felt cared about me, and that could get me through this.
It escalated, he kept pushing-one day I cut again, and needed to talk to him. I did, it ended up as either no chatting, or give him something he wanted, a bit of cyber, so i did, and then i cried and told him about how shit i felt about life and he made me feel better.
This cycle continued for a bit, then one day he came down and visited. I was 14(female btw), he was 19. I'd looked up to him my whole life.
 He said he wanted to see me, I met up with him, i thought to chat, instead he sat in the back of his car with me and started kissing me. I pulled back. He stopped asked me how i was doing mentally, I broke down and he hugged me, then he kissed me again, I kissed him back a bit. I hate myself for it, but at the time i was so desperate for him to not go away, and he would if i didn't do this... he tried to get me to go further, I didn't want to. He kept trying to put his hand up my skirt, I said no, and kind of froze. He literally ripped off my panties. tore the sides and threw them on the floor. 
I said no and moved to the other side of the car, he grabbed my wrist and tried to force my hand down his pants, I was silent and just pulled back as hard as I could, my brain was in meltdown, I hated every second of seeing him but needed him in my life. I was breaking apart. He didn't manage to get  me to touch him I was welling up and he stopped, I had a bruised wrist the next day. 
Anyway he got ontop of me and humped my leg, though his jeans, I just lay their looking away, and pressing on my cuts through my sleeve. He came in his pants and got off, went back to the front and told me he'd take me home. 
I cried like a little bitch that night, stayed in the shower forever, felt sick, and yet when he texted me later I told him that I had cut myself again and that my dad had called the house, and he comforted me.  Next day he shows up at my house, lived with the doors unlocked back then so just came in. tried to go further again, this time i was just numb, i felt dead inside, so betrayed and yet loved by him. i went with it, but completely unenthusiastically. He stopped before anything happened below the belt and said I think this was a mistake and stopped, and left the house. 
I felt so used and dirty and alone and yet wanted him to come back just so i had somebody in my life that I knew needed me. I hate myself. For years I would feel sick if someone said him name. I've only seen him twice since, both at family gatherings. First time he hugged me, I couldn't pull back as there were like 10 people in the room, I had the urge to scream though. Second time was last year, he dared to come and sit next to me at a wedding reception. I wanted to fucking stab him, he was sitting there laughing and joking RIGHT NEXT TO ME talking to my mum and me and trying to get a hug. I wanted to scream out in front of everyone what had happened, never did - just said i was ill and went back to my hotel and cried. To this day I don't know if i was in the wrong, or if I was abused or what- i just know this is the one thing in my life that haunts me. That i hate myself for, and that if i could change one thing, it would be this. 
I'm feeling so sick just typing this out, I don't even know what to do right now. 
The reason this would ruin my life is because I doubt anyone would believe me - I had a psychotic episode last year. My family would be split in two, and it's already because of me my mum lost her husband, I couldn't make her choose between me and the family.  Thanks for the replies guys, I am currently seeing a counseler about the psychotic break I had, the weird thing is after talking to her about all the scariest, crazy shit that entailed I still couldn't bring this up. I've never told anyone this, just typing it and hitting the save button has been hugely helpful to me. The worst thing was just seeing him at the wedding and him acting like absolutely nothing had happened, I expected him to acknowledged it, or keep his distance, but nothing happened!  Overall I am doing much better these days though - all of my teenage life has been a nightmare, I was a straight A student, easy life, then my dad had the breakdown and lost his job, I got sick (and I still am to this day- it royally fucked up my ENTIRE life)and then my asshole cousin came into the picture. Then followed years of depression and then my own delusional, paranoid psycho time.  I guess I feel like of all the things to have gone wrong, he's the one thing I could of stopped, by just  telling someone at the time. Now I can never let people know, and he gets a away with it. 
I have tried to talk myself into telling people, saying maybe he has done it to other young girls, but I know he hasn't. He told me about how he starting wanting me from when I was 8, and how he has watched me shower before and such, just typing it gives the goosebumps. But he also told me I was the only one like this, and that he loved me, and damn its fucked up, but as I said it would rip my family in two! I do kind of blame myself for my parents divorce, I know my brother does, he's flat out said it before, but then he never saw how my dad was with me.  But anyway, my point is, please don't cry over this, and please don't worry about me. I'm in a better place these days, I've just started getting back into education part time and although still ill I am healthier than ever, definitely less depressed and I haven't self harmed for several years now. I just want to punch my cousin in the face, very very hard. :)  Above it was said that this is not your fault. What happened IS NOT YOUR FAULT. The divorce: NOT YOUR FAULT. Your cousin being evil and selfish: NOT YOUR FAULT. The law even recognizes that you were of an age that if somebody of his age has sex with you, it is a capital crime. NOT YOUR FAULT. I am so sorry you hurt like that. He found a victim in you and he was a villain. Bad guy. NOT YOUR FAULT. I am glad to hear you are doing better and talking to a counselor.  Hang in there and talk about this if you can. You have great courage and you are a survivor. My boyfriend and I met at the brothel were I used to work. As a whore. This probably wont be seen but I'll go for it. I met an amazing girl and moved across the world to be with her. I absolutely hate this country (its a 3rd world one) but my wife and her family had been great for most of the time here, we have had our ups and downs but I never felt the way I do until now. I'm preparing to bring my wife with me, recently my wife's families financial situation has gotten worse and this is putting an incredible amount of pressure on my wife. We live reasonably, not very much money but enough to get by. The expectations are that my wife is to care for her mother and other family members when they dont have money and they expect it to come from me, before it was small things and I didn't mind but its been getting bigger and bigger to the point I can't afford to help them anymore. I have to bring my wife with me back to my home so we can work and get on with our future careers, but its getting to the point that I'll never be able to leave here if I don't get them to let me save the money I need to. I try to talk to my wife about this but they get seriously into our business and will bad mouth me in a second if I don't give them what their expecting, my wife tries to understand where I'm coming from but the way the culture is here she is expected to provide from them even though she is much younger then all her siblings. I see now that my wife isn't going to be able to say no and I'm not going to be able to help them in the way they think I can afford to, talks of getting them to understand have only ended it absurd arguments where I'm being threatened and am on the verge of leaving and never coming back. In my mind I'm considering getting on a plane and just never coming back, my wife will be forced against her will not to be with me if I don't give in to their demands so I won't be able to bring her with me. I have it all planned out and they wont even know when I leave, I am trying everything to resolve this and it only gets worse. This situation is just getting to be destructive and the longer I stay the deeper in this shit I'm getting into and I'll never be able to leave.  The only thing that keeps me from pulling the trigger is that I really love my wife but her family will never allow us to be together and I'll never be able to support them they way they think I can. I'm still young and trying to find my career and can barely get by on my own and it will be too much to expect help from me when I'm living in the states on my own. The only real loving relationship I've recently had is here, I don't have family who would be there for me in the states and I will have to throw this all away so I can survive. It's eating me up inside and I can't focus on anything right now. Take your wife on a vacation. Never return.  Edit: Or convince her family her that you are leaving to make more money and send it back (which you can do as well).  I had a fraternity brother who was a real dick to me in college and hazed the shit out of me.  Back then, you could log into the registration system to sign up for classes. He was a senior, so he got first pick of the classes he wanted.  This was right when the Internet was becoming popular, and back then, a person's login was their name, and their pin was their birthday.  I logged into his account, and dropped all of his classes three days after they started.  He did not find out until midterms when the professors submitted his grades. They refunded his money, but he had to spend an extra semester in college. 2nd story - I do not have a lot of confidence, and can never ask girls out.  I met my current wife by installing a keystroke logger on her computer, and intercepting facebook messages and chats with her friends until I confirmed she liked me.  That way I knew exactly how to approach her. I orchestrated our entire early courtship to my advantage.  If she knew she would likely divorce me because I delved deep into her personal life and found out some crazy things about her past.   I have been having sex with my cousin since I was 18, on and off for about 3 years. The worst part about it is that she is severely Bipolar, hyper-sexual, and on disability(probably for life). It's consensual and she wants to do it more often, but I  know i'm making things worse as opposed to helping her live a normal life. I think I first rationalized it as being a way to comfort and offer her companionship... Everyone in my family tells me how great it is that I'm one of the few people who can get through to her and get her to listen.  yeah its like you are able to get inside her and understand her. Wow hahaha, Cousin tested, Guts approved. "hey are you ok? You feel sad..." I am an active opiate addict. I use every single day. Everyone in my life - even the people closest to me - think that I have been clean for over a year. I'm a good actor and liar, it comes with the territory of addiction. I don't want this, I hate myself, I want to stop more than anything. It's so damn hard.  I constantly fantasize about comiting suicide. it's actually gotten to the point where it's a struggle for me to not slam on that gas pedal, and drive my car off the bridge I pass by on my way to work every day. I wish it was possible for me to just disappear, so no one would have to deal with the inconvenience of cleaning up after me. this feeling has no real cause to it either, I have a beautiful two year old daughter with the love of my life, a steady job, and a decent upbringing. I just wish I was dead. it felt good to get that off my chest. thanks to anybody that took the time to read that. Edit: thank all of you for responding, and sharing your experiences with me. i have decided that i need to get help, I have been looking up therapists in my area (though I'm still quite a ways from telling those close to me, I'd feel like im a burden on them). for too long I have just figured I'll get over it. I haven't, it just gets worse, and it's getting harder to keep up appearances for the people that do care about me and it's taking a toll on me mentally telling everyone I'm fine and I'm happy as can be. also addressing those who suggest I move and I can disappear, when I said disappear I meant it in a cease to exist kinda way, I couldn't just sever ties and leave my wife and daughter with no way to support themselves. i do take some odd comfort in knowing I'm not the only one that feels like this. I really do appreciate all of you taking the time to read my little story and respond. thanks guys, really. May not ruin my life, but would really prefer if it didn't get out. 26 year old male, and have "visited" with 30+ escorts over a 4 year period. This includes girls in the Amsterdam red light district to girls in Asian massage parlours. First time was about 6 months after breaking up with my first girlfriend. To be honest, I stopped counting how many times I've actually paid a visit to one of these girls. Was never very confident with girls growing up, so this was much easier than actually having to put myself out there. I guess I'm actually faily good looking and have much more confidence now. Its only in the last couple years that I've come to realize how easy it is to attract girls, and sadly recall how much time and money I've wasted on escorts.  Been almost a year since I last made a visit. Edit: Did a rough count, place the number roughly around 34 different girls, surely I'm forgetting some. With a going rate of $200-$300 each time... well it makes me sick to do that math on that one, but probably close to $10,000 total. Some of these girls I saw 2-3 times at most. At least it provides me with more motivation to keep away from this "hobby". Go on... There was a conversation in "The 40 year old virgin" where Seth Rogan was providing an analogy comparing growing weed with hitting on girls. The more seeds he planted, the pot more he could smoke; likewise, the more girls he hit on, the more he could fuck. When I was younger I had problems communicating with girls, especially continuing conversations for long periods of time. I tend to do better with short bursts of conversation. So with most girls I tend to see at school/office/gym/anywhere, I will just BS with them for 2-3min with smalltalk, try to make them laugh, and walk away. It really doesn't take long before you see how many options are really available to you. Even girls that are already attached have friends they can introduce you to. This is just something that works for me, along with increased confidence. You just gotta find your own strengths and try to play off them. Thank you for actually taking the time to explain how you talk to girls instead of the cliche "just be yourself". There's a great line in The Simpsons when Lisa is trying to make friends while they're on holiday: "I've been myself for eight years and it hasn't worked." Please tell me most of you have masturbated to your female friends. all of them. and some of their mothers. And their sisters Sorry miss Jackson. I am fo' real It's weird, I am not really attracted to them, but it's a fantasy for me; like a what if. I have like.. the reverse fantasy. I'm a girl, and although I'm not especially attracted to any of my close guy friends, it really turns me on to think about them masturbating to me. I just read that back and it sounds so self-centred, hahaha... but really, it's just my close male friends, not every male ever or something. I promise that every single one of your male friends would be elated to hear this. That's actually very common. Guys fantasize to their girl friends all the time, and girls tend to fantasize about guys fantasizing about them.  Strange, and a mouthful, but to put it simply girls want to be wanted. I'm gonna start masturbating to the thought of a girl friend masturbating to the fact that she thinks I'm masturbating to her. Yo dawg. I think we all want to be wanted. Are we not supposed to?  isn't that why guys buy yearbooks? i sure as hell don't buy them for the 'memories' i did enough memorizing of what sally and stacy looked like for years. got tired of jerkin on memory and decided to upgrade to some graduation pics.  thank goodness for facebook you know it SuMmER 2012 AlBuMZ !! get ready boys. don't jerk too hard.  "Oh, (insert female friend's name) has 400 pictures uploaded. Looks like I have a busy couple of hours ahead of me." Edit: it's a couple of hours because I am jerking off to every single picture for some reason  a friend of mine and totally not me in any way at all, he downloads them and puts them on a continuous slideshow... not me, a friend. I've had agoraphobia for a year and a half. I've lied to my parents and told them I still attend college. Fear dominates my life. I had the worst anxiety attack ever a week ago and now have derealization. Every day is a struggle. I'm swimming in lies and don't know how the hell to turn this around.  Advice to others: don't lie when times get hard and seek help before you think you'll need it. Hitting rock bottom is not a good place to be. I was jumped by a group of gang members a number of years ago. I was hospitalized, wound up with a concussion, broken jaw, 46 stitches and tens of thousands of medical bills I am still unable to pay. 
I know who all the gang members are and directly recognized one of the assailants and filed a police report. He had an "alibi" and nothing ever came of my case. I had run in with them again a few years after that and ended up with stitches and no charges sticking to my attackers.   I see these gang members around town still. I get chased out of bars, and there are certain places I don't frequent because I know they may be there. I bought a hand gun just a few short years ago for my own protection and knowing these guys are not just going to let me slide if they run into me again. I carry it if I know I'll be in "problem areas" and neighborhoods where these guys may be. One night, not too long ago, my girlfriend an I were walking downtown when I noticed a large group of them hanging outside a bar. I told my girlfriend to wait for me at another bar not too far away while I pulled my hat down over my face and put my hood up. I walked across the street to a construction zone where I could keep out of sight and still keep an eye on them. A half hour later two of them came walking across the street passed the construction zone. I popped out drew my gun and fired at them twice, unknowingly missing the first one, but hitting the other in the gut. He keeled over and let out a long groan before falling to the ground. I looked for the fist one and he was laying in the street a few yards away (ducking for cover). Thinking I had hit them both I ran around the corner pocketed my gun then ran to hide by an over pass a number of blocks away. I texted my girlfriend, she came and met up with me, and we took a cab home which drove by the scene.   The man that I shot is now in a wheel chair, paralyzed from the chest down. They (the police, the gang members, the community) didn't know who shot them, they think it was rival gang members. I still see them around town. They are not any more weary, but I am armed and ready.  I've only told my best friend this story. He told me not to tell anyone else, not only because I could get in trouble, but because it would change peoples perception of me. My girlfriend never really asked what happened that night but she expects me to tell her at some point. I was sent to military school in the Midwest the summer after my freshman year of high school for 2 months. I was sent for getting a D in algebra, not for any behavioral issues. My parents are the greatest people in the world, and while I was pissed back then, I can see how it was a good idea in theory. Anyway, my dad is Jewish and my mother is Catholic, but I identified with my Jewish heritage much more back then. When I let it slip that I was Jewish, my world turned into a living nightmare. I got my ass handed to me on a daily basis. Toward the end, the ringleader of all of this got the idea to "crucify" me in our cabin by tying me to these two brooms that he had made into a crucifix. The group then proceeded to beat, sodomize, and whip me with whatever items they could find. I've never told anyone the entire truth. I feel like it's too much to put upon someone and have them try to empathize. I told my parents and my best friend about the beatings, but not the crucifixion, and no one else. It's been about 7 years since then, and I actually blocked out the entire memory until I went to a psychologist for ADD testing 2 years ago. I think this is probably what sparked my Atheism so early on in life. There are times when I'm almost glad that it happened because I feel like I've experienced the greatest evil that exists, pure blind hate, and I'm still standing. For a while right after, and since the memory came back, I was severely depressed because I just couldn't wrap my head around how anyone could hate a person or group of people so much. It still blows my mind, but I've come to terms with the fact that there are just some people in the world who only deal in hate. I try every single day to counteract this and I will continue to do so for the rest of my life. TL;DR - I was beaten and "crucified" for being Jewish at military school when I was 15 and have never told anyone. Although I was the victim, I feel like if I told anyone it might change the way they viewed me and make me seem like a martyr or like I'm looking for attention. 10/29/2012 - UPDATE - Hey guys, sorry it's been awhile. Life has been crazier than ever and my redditing has fallen somewhat by the wayside. Thank you all so much for taking the time to say something. It's really been such a comfort knowing that, despite not knowing me personally, people can come together and comfort another human being. It's quite humbling.  So I did end up telling the whole story to two of my friends and they were totally awesome about it. They took the hard-ass, humorous approach to it and asked me the ringleader's name and said they would track him down and "give him a piece of their minds". I also shared it with my boss who, since starting my job 6 months ago, has become my mentor and one of my closest friends. He's very similar to myself and I knew right after meeting him that he would be someone I could confide in. More than anyone, he helped me come to terms with what happened and rationalize it all. It still hurts a lot to think about, but mainly because I know that there are millions of people going through the same or far worse on a daily basis. That's the worst part. As for my parents, I just don't think I can tell them the entire truth. I honestly believe it could break them slightly if they knew. I think there are times when spilling it all isn't what's best for a relationship. I did consider contacting the school, but the more I thought about it, the more I realized it wouldn't accomplish anything. Bullying, no matter the epithet, is always going to be a problem in schools. The fact that I have no evidence and 7 years have passed means that they don't have any more of a reason to listen to me than they do to someone in my position who went there 30 years ago. Teachers have moved on, policies have changed, etc. However, this does not mean I'm doing nothing about it. The company I work for is involved with numerous charities and advocacy groups around my city and I've been able to do so much to help out. I also volunteer at an assisted living/retirement home a few days a week. My big project is a social networking/charity website that I've been working on for about 8 months now and am hoping to launch in the spring.  So I guess my point is that I've taken all of the crappy things in my life that I've personally experienced, as well as witnessed, and I'm making it my life's goal to do everything I can to balance them out with great things. I meet some of the most amazing people on a daily basis and it always reminds me that the majority of the world is comprised of good people. I encourage everyone to learn from all of your bad experiences, as well those of others, and just be kind and helpful to everyone. You'll never regret it. you should blow the whistle on that military school that let this happen / supported this behavior, mainly so it doesn't happen to any other kids there. Never, ever told a soul about this. No one knows, including the parents that would accept me no matter what.  I have a major identity disorder (untreated) because since I was ten I've been contorting my facial features at all waking hours to disguise my true appearance. I have naturally droopy eyes, large lips for a man, and an overbite. Everyday, I squint my eyes, curl my upper lip in when I smile, and jut out my lower jaw just enough to drastically change the shape of my face and the general relationship between my features.  When I became aware of the strangeness of this behavior as a teenager, I was desperately concerned that others would notice the cracks in my veneer, and so had difficulty sitting on the left side of people (the right side of my face was the least controlled) and having any pictures taken of me (still do, to an extent). This coupled with deep depression made the years of quintessential self-discovery in a young person's life ones of intense confusion and detachment. Over the years, however, I've fine-tuned this behavior so that among most I'm now considered to be a conventionally handsome man, when in truth I'm conventionally ugly by normal standards.  When I approached adulthood and went to a large public university, I took the opportunity to create an public identity that matched the physical countenance I had molded for myself-- one of the utmost confidence and charm. Many people bought it, but the image flickered on bad days. I grew further from myself. Then, two years ago this summer, a close friend of mine killed herself, shattering my false sense of social standing and condemning me to a relationship with a girl I didn't love, who also had severe identity issues spawned from abuse as a child. After getting her into therapy long enough to break up with her, I immediately entered another relationship simply because it seemed a light at the end of the tunnel. I do not love my current girlfriend either, as much as I tell her I do. As a 21-year-old today, I deal with crippling anxiety and ontological dislocation on a regular basis. I cannot reconcile the physical differences between my true appearance and the image I've contrived, and I fear that it is too late to let go. In fact, I have no idea what physical toll "letting go," aka relaxing my facial features for longer than a minute or two, would have on me, let alone on my psychological state. It will need to be a gradual process, if I ever decide to accept it.  Does anyone else do this? Or has anyone heard a similar story? I haven't been able to find any similar cases online. For now, as a perfectionist in all of my pursuits I live in constant fear that I will lose control and others will see the shadowed figure behind the mask. I am afraid that that figure is my true myself, because I don't know what that would make me. Sounds like you have body dysmorphic disorder. I have dealt with (and still am to a much lesser extent) the same kind of thing. It was at its worst during high school and when I was modeling. Puberty and the extra pressure from work made me obsessed with my body image. I understand the disconnect you feel. Back then, I used to feel like I was a "made" person, and that without all the effort I went through to make myself pretty, I was a very ugly/plain person. Getting into modeling I felt like the biggest sham, but that I needed to do it to further cover my insecurities and convince everyone that I was really who I was pretending to be. At its worst, I once experienced anaphylactic shock but refused to call an ambulance because I had no makeup on (luckily my throat didn't completely close, and I was able to wheeze my way through getting dressed before I called for help.) I recall getting headaches from keeping my face frozen in a certain way when I was particularly stressed. I was always aware of the room light, my posture, and how I walked. I was also extremely paranoid about anyone discovering how vain I was so I was very covert about it. Luckily, I never developed an eating disorder or I'm sure I'd be dead right now.  Unfortunately, I don't have any advice for you, but look up body dysmorphia and maybe that will help you. Things got better for me as I got older, but most of that had to do with environment. Eventually I became too insecure to model, which was a good thing because that was only feeding my obsession, resulting in a vicious circle of self loathing. I got away from my crazy, judgmental family who were similarly vain and prized my looks over anything else about me. I became a recluse, which sounds terribly unhealthy (and it is to an extent) but it freed me from a lot of the social pressures I felt and allowed me time to reflect on the kind of life I was living. I was so sick and didn't realize it. This has allowed me to unravel some of the mess that I was and stop the most destructive behaviors, mainly the constant self-criticism revolving around my appearance. I am nowhere near mentally healthy but I think I'm doing better than I was. I still get panic attacks when the doorbell rings and I've got no makeup on, but occasionally, I answer the door. Similar to myself -- though not to the same degree. I've contorted my facial features in just about every social situation for years, particularly the overbite.  //real account, feel free to get in touch. Upvote for being real. Half the people posting here are thinking about killing themselves.  That news getting out won't ruin your life... it would probably end up saving it.   If you're reading this post and you're suicidal, please check out /r/suicidewatch. It's full of great people all wanting to try and help. ive lost too many friends to suicide this year. i hate it when they go out silently, its the worst. please for the love of god talk to somebody, you think nobody cares but everyone cares, life is worth living you just need to take the time and find out how. This wouldent ruin my life but back in middle school me an a friend in our building were standing outside our street was being repaved we noticed the workers all left for lunch so my friend said hey let's go sit in the steam roller (being young and dumb we did). So we go and realize the keys are still on my friend was like hey let's drive it.  Well having never driven a steam roller we didn't know that it's the back that turns so he started it up we started going down the street he's driving I'm just riding along do next thing I know we are losing control and we crash into some old guys living room this old man was sitting there watching tv. All we could do is just run we booked it and left. Told my parents i was over at a frisnds house and we didn't come back to our neiborhood till later on.  Come to find out the cops have been going house to house looking for us.  My parents were like what stupid kid could have done this. The old man who's house we crashed into only got a basic description of my friend but not me. There were wanted posters with a $20000 reward for my friend but the picture looked nothing like him. After about 3 months the posters went away and we were never caught. We never told anyone  Wow, you thought your friend was worth more than $20k.  Nicely done. My mother has multiple sclerosis and her health has deteriorated fast since I have been born. She was gone from being able to walk, to needing a cane, to needing a walker, to complete wheelchair usage, and now completely bedridden. She  has a urinary tract infection that is untreatable and is constantly in physical and emotional pain. She takes prescribed medication for depression and bipolar disorder, as well as sleeping pills. Throughout my childhood she has tried to kill herself three times because she wants the pain to stop. In the middle of the night, I bought something from a dealer and snuck into my house to give it to my mother. She passed away within 2 hours. My dad, sisters and brother have no clue. It saddens me that people are forced to suffer unnecessarily when we can end their pain in a humane way.  If that's what your mother wanted, you did the right thing.  Remember that. Made a dummy for this because some of my friends actually use reddit. I'm terminally ill, have a nasty heart problem and I'm the first to make it this long. I'm 21 so the outlook isn't the best. Doctors have told me I'll die at any time and I'm okay with that. Well...I was anyway. I've been taking medication all my life and because of it my emotions (or possibly the part of my brain) didn't develop so I'm sort of in an emotional limbo all the time. I just don't understand them. I don't feel happy, or angry or really anything. I read books on how to act emotions and how they should be facially displayed and I think I do a rather good job because most people don't even notice until I tell them. I figure it's the fact that it's my blood pressure is always at a constant or maybe I have autism? Kindly let me know if you can. School was weird, I never got along with other kids and didn't really have friends until highschool because I sat at a different table. I was always known for being the quiet one and only really talked around my friends but even then it wasn't a lot. Never really got the hang of dating because I didn't understand all the social aspects of it. I would figure out why the person acts the way they do. Their "tick" if you will and then I would get bored. Anyway, secret time. My health started degrading fast (veins sprouting off inside my body and giving me the lungs of a 50 year old smoker, joints stopped fitting together properly, photo-sensitivity to a degree that I get sunburns though a car windshield and the newest thing is growing blindness from optic nerve damage) my body is slowly becoming  my own prison and it is the first thing that has terrified me. I've been debating suicide for quite some time and I'm afraid of telling my family or anyone else for that matter because I don't want people to freak out or treat me like I'm some fragile thing or put me on any more meds. I've been trying to think of a way to go out with a "bang" but hurt as few people as possible.  If there is one thing I could do before I go of either my own accord or because my heart finally kills me is that I want to feel normal just once.  I've never really felt like an individual. As a kid and a teen I was more known as "the kid in 433" then by my own name. It feels like I don't really know who I am.  Nothing socially feels fluid to me so I always feel like I'm doing it wrong. Am I gay,straight, male, female, an old misery, a gambler, a coward, fighter, something in between or something else entirely? It's all untested and I don't exactly have the time for a soul search to find out. I'm a bit of a mess, like I said this is a dummy so I'll check it later if I get any replies. Feel free to reply, I do know I don't bite. Also if somebody can get back to me on the whole autism thing it would just be lovely. What a disturbing yet pure and beautiful thread. Not as bad as everyone else's here, I think this is pretty funny. This is a story my Half sister has only told to me. The way she told it was great and I probably won't do it justice. When she was growing up she hated her step dad (my real dad). I think he is a great guy (a little crazy though), they get along fine now, he was just weird and a little mean to my mums other kids. He is a man of routine, every morning he'd get up, get the paper, make freshly squeezed orange juice for Himself, Mum, Me (i was 4 at the time) but not my half sister (16) (fucken mean!), then go shit, shave, shower, then come eat breakfast and drink the OJ My sister used to pine for a glass of that OJ, and got her revenge in quite trivial ways. Get to the shower before him, take a long time and make him late, She'd leave messages in the window. "I Loath you" and such.  She then stepped it up, waited for him to finish making the OJ and go to the bathroom. She then snuck out, drank half his glass, savoured every drop and filled the rest of the glass up with her piss, set it in place and waited. She then sat and watched him slurp down every last drop in complete satisfaction.  She said after that, anything mean he did didn't really bother her, she'd just smile and think, "you drank my piss, and you fucken loved it". After that their relationship actually got better as they weren't bickering any more. They actually have a great relationship now. 
She asked when she can tell him, I said only on his deathbed. So we have that to look forward to, which is nice.  tl;dr My half sister tricked my dad into drinking her piss, inadvertently fixed their relationship.  I have been planning my suicide for roughly 6 weeks now.  I just can't hack it anymore.  My family disintegrated, my marriage is a bust and I was disabled by an I.E.D while deployed.  I wasted the last five years  of my life drinking and being angry at everything.  Not to make excuses or anything, but my physical being isn't all that is disabled due to deployment. I can't love anything at all anymore.  To make this more relevant, the I.E.D was my fault.  I fell asleep while being the front gunner for our convoy.  No one knows.  I was awarded a CAB and a purple heart.  Two of my friends died that day.  Have you considered seeing a counselor and asking about PTSD? Or different types of depression? You went over there and did something that most Americans aren't willing to do. I don't care if you feel like you fucked up, as a civilian I truly believe you're still a good person. I sincerely hope you go see someone ASAP. If you can take 6 weeks to plan something so terrible, you can definitely take 6 more weeks to do something that can potentially be amazing. See a different therapist every week until you find one with promise. Please.  If you feel like talking, I'm a good listener.  I have only been in counseling twice, but I must admit that I went in knowing it wouldn't help.  I will try to set up another appointment soon and try to be positive.  Thank you for taking the time to try and help a beat up/beat down 30 yr old you don't even know.  Actually warms my heart a bit. [deleted] I'm a Cavalry Scout and I was the point gunner on our truck. Believe me when I tell you it's not your fault man. IEDs are not easy to spot, i've literally done hundreds of hasty and deliberate IED sweeps and i've only spotted one IED. Regardless if you fell asleep you wouldn't have spotted it. The military teaches us to be perfect. Our uniforms. The way we load, unload and functions check our weapons. When something bad goes wrong we automatically think that everything was perfect but due to operator error things went wrong.  War is random and you shouldn't blame yourself dude. If you need someone to talk to, PM me. When I was younger I would lie about anything and everything. Like having more brothers and sister than I did, where I grew up, where I was born and I would make up lies about random things that didn't even matter. I have no idea why I did it but some of the lies have kept going.
I'm twenty one and still maintaining random lies I've told forever.  I spent 3 years living the lie that I was a Russian foreign exchange student. I have no idea why anyone believed me I spoke no Russian but I had half of my junior high school convinced I was born in Moscow, I still bump into people who think I'm Russian and I just role with it and slap the accent back on. You might want to look into that... Only 7356 stories to go... God what am I doing with my life. [deleted] As a random jackoff on the internet, I feel your pain. Only my close friends know that I'm depressed, most people see me as the most happy-go-lucky person around (and have commented on it). It almost hurts more than the depression.  If you need someone to talk to, feel free to PM me. You killing yourself will destroy everyone you know. Sounds dramatic, but I'm speaking from experience (my best friend and dad both committed suicide, as did a girl I knew in high school). There are people who care. I care and I don't even fucking know you, man. I MUST SAY - never have i seen an overwhelmingly popular thread lead to such interesting, retching, emotionally charged posts. Interesting for novelty, for some evolutionary desire to gather gossip, but also quite interesting for the stories of hazy ethics that present great opportunity for philosophical growth. - As a side note, I had no idea that so many people are fucking their cousins - The best part of this thread, though, is that reddit is being classy as a fucken peanut in a top hat. Compassion is being allocated where necessary while humour is saved for those posts that are not overcome by heavy emotion. This entire thread is a dance within a community of many thousands, responding to one another with an intimate understanding seldom seen on the internet. This is the most interesting and beautiful thread I have ever seen. Thank you reddit. I came here expecting at least a little comic relief in some of the comments, but boy, this is some heavy duty shit. I was going to tell the story about the time I got really drunk and made out with a dude at a gay bar, but A. It wouldn't RUIN my life, it might just people's idea of me, and B. It's nowhere near the caliber of these other stories. No shit man. There's a guy w/ a "cum box" on here .....  ctrl+f: cum box  For the lazy: http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/t0ynr/throwaway_time_whats_your_secret_that_could/c4ilkt2 [deleted] Donate the money. If you're a rich middle-aged guy, I wouldn't risk the social backlash you might get for admitting it. Donate the money, donate your time, but don't donate your life (by ruining it). "completely on purpose but sort of by accident" ... I really know this has been dead for a while but I to have a secret that I'd like to share...  When I was younger (~6) my brother and sister and I had a "game" that we would play. Nothing sexual but it was called Dare... basically the object of the game was to walk around the outside of our raised deck outside while holding on to the railing and walking on the very narrow ledge.  We had played the "game" before and one day my brother and I were outside alone (Mom and sister busy inside) and I challenged him to play. My very fuzzy memory is that he didn't want to play and I slightly pressured him. He gave in and I went first.  On his turn around something happened and I watched my four year old brother crash to the ground below.  He landed in a terrible position and broke his leg directly under his hip.  He was in the hospital for 34 days with a screw drilled completely through his knee that was used to hold his hip in position. He was in a body cast from the chest down for over 8 weeks and had to go through months of being in a wheelchair and grueling physical therapy to be able to walk again.  Now, almost 15 years later my brother's legs are slightly different lengths (from the bones resetting differently) and has some minor muscle problems due to this.  However, he was also named the best goalkeeper in our state last year and will probably be moving out of state to follow his dream and play soccer.  I love him more than he'll ever know and more that I could ever express here. He's the smartest, most talented person I know and I'm so proud of him. And it breaks my heart a little more every time I think about his childhood I feel like I am to blame for the months of pain he had to endure.  I'm crying from sadness and relief as I type this... Thank you Reddit.  I used to do heroin.  A lot.  I got clean. I'm not in a shitty relationship where my boyfriend manipulates me into doing whatever fucked up bullshit he wants and I know this is happening but I don't care because I figure I'm lucky to have a place to live and someone to pay the bills.  He makes me do weird sexual shit that I HATE like suck mass amounts of cock for random guys he met on the internet.  This is because I told him about all of the fucked up shit I used to do to get drugs.  Because obviously I liked it or else why would I do it.  He has also convinced to be a prostitute on two separate occasions.  I can't stand being touched by anyone anymore.  I hate sex.  I want to die. I just bought some heroin.  I haven't decided yet if I'm going to start using again or just go ahead and OD.  I have no goals in life, there is literally NOTHING I want out of life other than heroin.  I'm just fucked. Luckily, no one will ever see this because this thread has exploded. Saw. Cared. Get out of that situation. I care. You shouldn't use heroin. Get rid of that guy. So simple but so hard to do.    Flush the drugs. This thread has died down enough where I feel comfortable posting. Like others here, writing this down and sharing it feels therapeutic, since I haven't shared it with any of my friends/family IRL. I grew up as the youngest of three in a very normal, loving family.  My parents spent a lot of time, money, and effort on giving my brother, sister and I great educations and opportunities.  And there was never a question for me that my parents loved us all.  We three, however, were too close, from as young as I can remember.  We spent a lot of time in unsupervised play, and as long as we weren't screaming or fighting, my parents would let us be. Things would get pretty sexual. My earliest memory was in a fort we built in the living room.  I must have been 5 or 6 years old.  We each would lie naked and take turns playing with each others genitalia.  We obviously didn't know about masturbation, but we would touch each other and get sexually aroused.  I was sexually interested at that age about both my brother and my sister. Fast forward a couple years, and this progressed to playing doctor with my sister.  I no longer felt any sexual inclination towards my brother, but only towards my sister, which makes me question to this day at what age sexual preference develops.  At five I was bicurious.  At eight, I was attracted to my sister, but definitely straight. Fast-forward a few years, and we siblings now shared a wing of the house just with each other.  Isolated from any oversight, our sexual play is free to be more open.  My brother are past puberty, I am not.  My brother, the oldest, is now an abusive bully. He terrorizes both my sister and I physically, emotionally, and sexually.  He never raped me, probably because he is straight, but he would hold me down and sexually assault me. I continue during this time to feel sexual attraction towards my sister, but of the Jaime Lannister variety.  We never have sex, but we play with each other. At one point my sister is taking a bath, my parents are gone, and my brother asks me if I would be interested in raping her and making it look like he was forcing me to do it.  He knows how to pick locks, so he would open the door, and force us together.  Obviously I find the idea of sex appealing, but I turn him down because I don't want to hurt my sister.  I later learned that during this time he was raping my sister.  No surprise. Fast forward into adolescence, I now know other girls, and I don't feel sexually attracted to my sister.  But I find that my taste gravitates towards petite girls.  Girls who look like my sister when we were involved.  I haven't shaken that attraction.  I still find myself attracted to girls with the aesthetic of 13-15 year olds.  Going through high-school was no problem.  I would just date younger girls.  In my early 20s, high school girls became inappropriate to date, so I turned to the internet. /r/jailbait was rehab for me.  Now I do my best with the "just 18" websites.  Eventually I hope to kick pornography altogether. I'm now married, and have a good relationship with my wife, except that I haven't shared with her any of my secrets.  She had a normal upbringing, and I'm afraid she wouldn't understand.  Unfortunately, while I enjoy sex very much, I don't find her particularly attractive, and I'm worried that as she continues to age, I'll find her less so.  I feel like such a scumbag and a hypocrite, for wanting her to love me, but not feeling the paradigm of beauty.  I want to be able to JUST love her, because I know that's the right way for a husband to feel towards his wife.  Unfortunately, sexual attraction is not a conscious decision. So there you have it, reddit.  I guess I'm just another fucked up story of incest.  Hey, at least I'm not suicidal. When I was around 10 or 11 years old, one of the maid's daughters, who was probably 13 or 14 at the time had a pretty weird relationship with me. We both mutually liked each other but the relationship just couldn't happen because my mother strictly forbid me to associate myself with any of the attendants or their family. We did some mild petting I guess. She touched my penis and I played with her vagina. I don't recall any sort of intercourse. Don't even think I was even old enough for that.  We had a bunch of dogs in the back area, mainly german shepard mutts. I personally love dogs and all sorts of animals so I frequently spent my time in the back lot with the dogs. I watched the dogs mount each other and was interested in what they were doing. I even once saw one of the dogs lick it's own penis and it would grow and I guess the dog cums out after a certain amount of licking. Yeah, it was kinda gross but I was interested. I went over to feed the dog and that she was in the back lot helping her mom hang some clothes. I told her about my pretty fucked up idea. I wanted her to get mounted by one of the bigger dogs and she agreed to it. We waited a couple of days when absolutely no one was home except for maybe a couple of other of the attendant's kids for her to do it. She stripped down and walked over to one of the bigger dogs and kneeled down on all fours in front of the dog. The dog started sniffing her backside for a few seconds and she got up and ran. The dog then chased after her and jumped on her back.   She didn't fully fall face first as she went down on all four again (hands & knees). The dog then went on to having sex with her.  A few weeks later she committed suicide. I don't know if it was because of my idea or if there were any other causes to leading to her suicide. To this day I still think that my juvenile mind could have caused the death of another person.  This one.. I need a break after this one. I stopped reading at "We had a bunch of dogs in the back area".  I'm going to assume they played fetch with the dogs and called it a day. It reads a bit like a Palahniuk short story. I thought this thread peaked (Or bottomed out, depending on your point of view) with the Cum Box...I was wrong. That's it.The internet is closed. Everybody out! WOW. How did she commit suicide? Okay. I think this is too buried, but I feel the need to get it off my chest, because I've never told a soul. When I was younger, probably 11/12, 7th/8th grade, I had a friend we'll call Jerry. Well, I had just started getting into masturbation, my sexuality, etc. We were best friends, and he had, too. We talked about it on and off, ranging from random things about erections to how we prefer to masturbate. I was always incredibly uncomfortable talking about it, but did because he did. I got all excited when I realized that out dish cable got porn channels, and he rushed over (lived down the street) to check it out. I was still incredibly new to the idea of jerking off while watching porn, as odd as that may sound. I never did, at least not yet. We watched the Vivid Network, I remember. And there was a scene with two guys and a girl. He pulled his jeans down and started playing with himself, and I was incredibly uncomfortable with the situation. He asked me to jerk him off, but I said I didn't want to. He said he would jerk me off after I did it to him, but I still refused. He basically shoved his dick in my face (not literally, but he came up very close to me) and told me just to touch it. I still refused, and finally he made some off-hand comment on how the kids at school would be interested to know that I asked him to show his dick to me. Well, I very obviously didn't. He said it jokingly (legitimately) but at the time, I was bullied maliciously at school, and it terrified me thinking they might have another reason to beat on me, so reluctantly, I kind of just... did it. It didn't feel right, and I was disgusted with myself. He presumably got off, then he yanked my pants down and started on me. I kept swatting his hand away and telling him I decided I didn't want to, but he just kept doing it, until we heard the front door open, and heard my mom coming in. He quickly yanked his pants up, and I did mine, and he told me if I told anyone, he would tell everyone that it was my idea and I made him do it. I was so scared and confused, I didn't know what to do. We didn't talk for years and years. We'd talk sporadically, but I had a ridiculous amount of contempt and resentment toward him for a long time.  Finally, toward the end of high school, we started talking again, and became best friends. To this day, he's my very best friend. Ever. This guy has literally went to the ends of the earth for me and back, and I couldn't ask for a better bro. We're both in committed, long relationships, and have fairly good lives. On the flip side, when I got older, I started fantasizing about having sex with a guy. I don't find men attractive, I don't have any desire to date a man, or kiss a man, or anything like that, but I have fantasies about doing it again with him sometimes, or just having sex with a guy, or even watching gay porn sometimes. It's always scared me, that I was gay. Not that there's anything wrong with it, but I'm sure I don't have to explain myself on that. To this day, it still confuses me. Was I molested? Was it just two kids exloring sexuality? We've never talked about it, and probably never will. I wouldn't even know how to begin to talk about it. I don't know if that's what may have fucked me up, or I developed these ideas and thoughts on my own. Whew. Sorry. But it feels good to tell someone. Probably way too late but I'll post anyway.  I'm an atheist. I'm also a deacon in an evangelical church. I'm not exactly proud of it but I try do my part to convince people to live like Jesus because even if he wasn't god, he certainly had some good ideas about loving other people. The problem for me is my family. I'm married with a one kid and another on the way. I believe that such a revelation would be devastating for my wife. I've tried to tell her in subtle ways but I can't bring myself to just come out and say the truth.  I love my wife and I don't wish to harm her emotionally in that way. EDIT: wow, I expected this to get buried. I had heard of the Clergy Project before, I'm not sure if they accept deacons but I'll take a look at it. A deacon (at least in my church) is a helper to the pastor and sort of a voice for the membership, but we are not usually seen as "clergy" (not really a term we use). We do not deliver sermons or lead the entire church. It's more along the lines of visiting a sick person or providing help to a church member when one of the pastors isn't available. We also act as a council to bring the voice of the membership to the staff of the church.  Also to give some background on me - My dad is a minister and a missionary and fairly prominent in his area. Coming out would likely affect him as well. He would have a tough time accepting it. My mom works for a religious newspaper. She would accept it, in fact I think she has mostly lost her faith as well but it would likely be harder for her to come out than for me.  I'm where I'm at because even though I have never felt close to God or anything spiritual, for the longest time I just thought there was something wrong with me. By the time I admitted it to myself I was already married with my first kid (about 4 years ago).  How is this not a sub reddit? Most interesting thread ever. I'm white and my wife is half black. I fantasize that she's my slave when we have sex. She thinks I'm the least racist person she's ever known. [deleted] I'm probably late to the party and will be as my username states here but most of this I've never told and this is my chance.  I can't say it would ruin my life if it got out, it mostly already has though I do continue to struggle so my life is not as bad as I know it could have been, and probably is for so many here with not dissimilar stories.  If I ever brought it out publicly I'm sure it would make a mess for a lot of others and certainly cause me even more problems. I apologize in advance for how long this will be. I think from a very young age I was "daddy's little girl".  I trusted and respected him completely as any daughter should.  The first memory I have of something not being right was when I was probably about 6ish, I don't remember exactly.  Of course it is normal for parents to kiss their children but one day my father decided to teach me a "new" way to kiss using tongues.  Of course, being so young the very idea seemed kind of disgusting but I trusted him and I didn't know how to react so I kind of just went along, though I definitely didn't like the experience.  However, I had seen him kiss my mother this way so there was the idea in my head that maybe it was something special, and I was important if he did this with me too.  I even bragged to a neighborhood friend that my father kissed me the way he kissed my mom.  My father overheard this though and later told me never to tell anyone about it.  From that point he also stopped any further attempts at this inappropriate behavior for the next few years.  I mostly forgot about the whole thing in that time and continued to love and trust my father completely.
Then when I turned about 9 it got a lot worse.  I really don't know how it happened the first time.  My mom must have been at work and I'm not sure where my brother was, probably my father had just locked him in his bedroom to keep him out of the way.  Somehow he got me out of my clothes, laid me down on the big arm chair in the living room and proceeded to perform oral sex on me.  The entire time I was just utterly confused, I had no idea what was going on, what I was supposed to do, nothing.  My only knowledge of sexuality at that point came from what had been gleaned from various nature shows and a kids book about where babies come from.  Of course my reacted to the physical stimulation after a time but out of embarassment and confusion I controlled and held back the reactions as much as possible.   These situations continued for a few years.  One of the most shameful parts of this whole experience in my mind is that a part of me wanted it.  I experienced the physical pleasure whether I understood it or not and a part of me wanted more so there were times I almost sought out these abusive situations.  However, I did know inside that it wasn't good and shortly after it started I became depressed and was praying that god would let me die in the night so the pain would be over.  During the same time there were some other changes in my life that I also didn't really like and because I could understand these things this is what I blamed for my pain, I didn't understand what the real source was because I just couldn't wrap my head around it.
The pattern was usually the same, my mom would be at work and my brother was sent to his room and locked in, then my father would take me to his "lair".  There was never penetration, only oral, though I suspect he had hopes for it to evolve to that when I was old enough.  There were a few times he'd try to introduce me to porn, try to "teach" me about masturbation, and other things.  He basically justified the whole thing as "education" and that it was for my benefit and that it was the best way because as my father I should trust him, it was safe.  I think he even convinced himself of these things and that's how he rationalized the abuse.  There were even some "lessons" about avoiding abusive situations just like the one I was trapped in.  I realize now how much a master manipulator he was.  Of course, I can now see how ridiculous it all is.  Really, how can coming into my bedroom in the middle of the night to perform these acts be in anyway educational?! (I pretended to sleep through the whole thing every time.) Things continued for 3-4 years, I'm not completely sure of the actual timing.  The big change came for me when, during one of the times I thought I actually wanted it, he made me ask out loud for him to do it.  I did and at that moment it hit me just how wrong the whole thing was.  After that, I did my best to avoid it.  I kept my distance from my father whenever possible yet tried to act as if nothing had changed, I had become afraid.  Eventually my father did notice the change however.  He had said at times that if I didn't like something, I should say so, tell him to stop, but I never really believed it.  Control was one of the most important things to my father and defiance was not taken lightly in any situation.  To me saying no = defiance and I was afraid of the consequences.  However, one day, after it was finished, he asked me if I wanted it to stop.  I've never much liked lying so I answered honestly a simple "yes".  From that point it stopped ... kind of.  My father is nothing if not intelligent.  I think he knew if he pushed too hard when I was unwilling I might talk and it would cause serious trouble he wanted to avoid, he wanted to stay in control and this was the way to do it. The physical abuse stopped but there was a kind of mental abuse that never did.  When I showered there was always porn magazines left in the bathroom, usually incest porn.  He would even take me with him sometimes when he would go to buy the porn.  Also, though I have no direct proof, I feel sure I was often watched and perhaps even video taped.  I fear that one day after he dies I'll find this hidden stash of video tapes.  I no longer trusted him at all or felt safe in his presence.  I wasn't even able to finally look at the situation and see it for what it was until I was 23.  I'm now 32.  I suffered from depression at the time for 13 years and managed to get myself out of it, nobody ever knew I'd been suffering, I didn't have any support or help that whole time, I felt like all my friendships were lies.  I feel every relationship I've had since it all started has been tainted.  Trusting anyone is hard and the fact that no matter how careful I've tried to be or how good a friend I try to be, I usually end up used or betrayed again hasn't helped.  I haven't even tried to have a boyfriend in over 8 years.  While I still can physically feel sexual desire, I can't feel real lust, I cannot be attracted to a person based on just looks.  I feel screwed up and broken on so many levels.  I still have no help or support.  I know I'm not alone in this kind of experience and that makes me sad for so many, but I am alone in my life.  I have a kind of pride in surviving so much on my own and remaining mostly functional, not succumbing to drugs or alcohol or even cigarettes but I suffer everyday and happiness is a far off dream so I sometimes wonder what the point is.  One day at a time I guess.  Wish me luck.  I send my best to all the others here also suffering!! I have never spent so much time on a single post. Here's a secret I haven't told anyone (currently a senior in College) (male)my freshman year in Highschool I was in choir. During a Concert I got horny and wanted to masturbate. I went back stage and climbed up some stairs to the 2nd story stage left behind the curtains. I started jacking off above a group of girls that were singing on stage at the time. I remember looking down at their cleavage from above and enjoying that they were unaware what I was doing. I ended up cumming and shot my load in their direction. I could never tell if any of my cum landed on any of the girls since I was about 10 feet away horizontally 20 feet in the air about. But I still feel bad about doing that. I hope none of the cum landed on any of the girls and if it did that the girl didn't figure out what it was. Nobody at all saw me do this and no girl looked up after I came. [deleted] I'm a 21 y/o guy, and I desperately wish that I could've been born a girl. I'm 6'3 with broad shoulders, a barrel-chest, and a chiseled jawline, and I hate ever thing about my body. I find the male figure to be absolutely revolting. I always used to joke about being "a lesbian trapped in a guy's body" back in high school, but after a while I realized it wasnt a joke.  I walk around in jeans and a t-shirt just about everyday, but I always wonder how "girl me" would look in a breezy sun dress or some cute lingerie. I can't even manage to establish a relationship with a woman because I find myself so envious of how beautiful her body is and how I'm trapped in a body that makes me want to break every mirror I walk by. I like to act girly and say girly things, which makes most people assume I'm gay, but to be honest I'd be a proud lesbian if it was my choice. I don't even know how to explain it to myself, let alone my parents. I cry myself to sleep sometimes about how I feel like a freak and I just don't know what I'm supposed to do about my "problem". All my life, everyone has been convinced that I'm just a normal guy who is content with his life, but thats all a huge lie. I know it's not really a life-shattering secret, but it's something I've had on my chest for the longest time. OP, replace friend with brother and you have my story.  You are not alone.  This is my old account, so might as well throw it away. While on deployment, I killed a man in a coup de grace. The feelings of taking a man's life always weigh a heavy burden on me every day. No one like's hurting people. He had been hit by some of our mobile artillery. While part of me wanted the bastard to be in pain, it wasn't right. My medic was busy with my wounded, and as the officer on duty I took out my .45 and put one in his head. I knew my boys wouldn't say anything. Most just watched, accepted it as a fact of war, and kept walking .I remember throwing up afterwards. I came home and everyone acted like I was a hero. I never felt like more of a sham my entire life. Heaviest one in here. I dont even have anything I can say to that, I wouldnt even know what to feel. I'm eventually going to kill myself. I don't know when, but I'm pretty sure that's where life is taking me. I've never kissed a girl and I'm approaching 30, I have panic attacks in social situations, therapy seems to only make me feel worse, and I've decided that living so that others don't have to deal with my death isn't worth it anymore. I'm basically just waiting out my parents so they don't have to attend my funeral. July 17 2012 Edit: Because I'm still getting PMs asking how things turned out I'll just update it here. Nothing happened with any of the offers, I guess those were karma-whoring attempts, because I did PM them and they never responded. I did meet a girl who PMed me on a stop over from a road trip and get my first kiss, but that was it. I'm very glad I got to do that, and it was amazing enough that it convinced me to really make an effort. I've been trying very hard in the online dating arena, but I'm not getting anywhere. When I do get dates I don't know how to initiate anything physical, and its causing women to think I'm not interested, or I'm a wimp, or whatever. Anyway its not working. My overall plan hasn't really changed, really the only thing different is now is that I'm trying and failing. Hard. Honestly I can't imagine living like this for as long as its going to take for my parents to pass, its just too fucking painful. I can't effectively articulate just how lonely I am. August 27 2012 Edit: Wow, I'm still getting PMs about this post. I guess I should update again. I feel much, much better about myself and my prospects. I wont get into it more than that, and I'll leave everything else here because perhaps seeing just how low I got and that things worked out will help someone else feeling the same way. The only advice I can give is this: Try. You will fail, but you cannot succeed if you don't try. October 11 2012 Edit: Things turned right back to shit and stayed there. I feel like a complete moron for thinking things could work out. October 16 2012 Edit: Life has its ups and downs, and sometimes what seems like a down turns out to be an up. I've met someone wonderful, I thought I'd lost her, I felt bad for a while, but in the end it turned into something good. I can't wait to see where it goes. I will continue updating this post as I continue my journey, and I hope anyone who relates to the way I felt when this started can take comfort in knowing that if you make the effort, you can find what you've been missing. Its hard, but its worth it. December 31 2012 Edit: Everything is great. Its as simple as that :) January 25 2013 Edit: And then she dumped me. This is a pain that I couldn't have felt without the love that preceded it, so I'm trying to keep it in context, but its hard not to wallow in misery at this point. Back into the dating pool I guess. January 27 2013 Edit: I really hate being lonely. February 9 2013 Edit: Still lonely as hell, getting that first date after getting dumped has proven a bit of a nightmare. Getting really depressed about Valentines day coming up, it was going to be the first time ever that I had someone to share it with. Sometimes you just need a distraction, but everything you try is just... empty. February 11 2013 Edit: Once I climbed out of the hole I thought I would be done with the darkest places my mind would go, but it seems that once you've accepted the existence of that escape its impossible to stop yourself from going back there when times are bad. I still could never hurt those who have emotional investments in me, but the truth is that I think about it all the time. February 12 2013 Edit: I admitted today that I need to be in therapy. I made an appointment after staring at my cell phone with the number entered for almost an hour. The return of these suicidal thoughts seriously scares me. February 18 2013 Edit: I got confirmation today that my ex cheated on me. I honestly feel fantastic finally knowing the truth, that it was her being a giant whore that ended things and not anything I did. Fuck her, I'm better off, and today is a new day! February 24 2013 Edit: OK, maybe its not that simple. I go back and forth between anger at the lies I was told and soul-crushing loneliness. I do miss her is the sad thing, I miss her like I can't believe even though she treated me like garbage. I really hate being lonely. I have panic attacks in social settings too.  It fucking sucks.  It fucking sucks big balls.  Therapy works but you have to work really hard at it.  You gotta go to those uncomfortable places in your psyche and deal with shit.  Put it out on the table.  Eventually you'll feel better.  But fuck I'm one to talk, I struggle with life as well I thought that way too once. But this is MY fucking life. There's no more. I want this one even if it sucks because the sun is warm on my face. Fuck everything else.  This is what helped me to get out of this mindset.  I stopped trying to live for what everyone expected of me and just started loving myself and enjoying the beauty of life.  There's really so much beauty here.  Just find things you enjoy and take care of yourself.   If you're lonely a dog can help, mine helped me a lot.   I also started working out, not even a gym membership, just doing pushups and situps and jogging.  That really helped my self-confidence a lot.    Where are you from? I'll make out with you. [deleted] Ill throw down too... if everyone else is serious, I'm down.  EDIT 1 Slody seems to have a good perspective on the situation at hand. I will back him up on his suggestion's, ultimately choosing trashitagain's decision on the matter though. 
trashitagain we are here man.   Hell, if you're in the DFW area, I"ll personally pick you up from the airport and drive you to his house. I am. I'll hitch a ride and then masturbate furiously while they kiss. As long as you're not spanking it in my car. I'm down. i volunteer to let people spank it in that guys car I call for a reddit not-so-casual meet up in that guys car. That's right. clown.car-style orgy. This escalated quickly. I just woke up from a nap to read this comment. I'm a little overwhelmed at the moment and you're going to have to give me some time to get my brain working, I'll edit this once I've read and digested everything. edit: I'm honestly blown away by the outpouring of support. I was expecting it to be mostly ignored, I barely even bothered to make a throwaway, although now I'm glad that I did. When I made this post I wasn't exactly at my emotional best, I would say that I was closer to giving up right then than I'd prefer to ever be. The fact is that I'm not willing to live another 40 years like I have up until this point, so I can either change how I live life or stop living it. I'd much rather change how I live it. My first inclination at the prospect of going and meeting a stranger somewhere was to reject it, the concept is frankly terrifying to me, but the fact is that this is exactly the sort of thing that the person which I wish I was would do, rather than let life pass by he would go live it. I have most of the month of May off, I just finished my finals(I'm a student) and my job starts in June. I will force myself to be receptive to meeting some new people and trying some new things over the next month, but please understand that I really don't want a picture of me winding up on reddit or something, so I'm going to use PMs to coordinate anything. I don't know what else to say, other than thank you for caring. I actually feel a lot better typing this than I did 24 hours ago. Will contribute $100 towards the trip. No shit. Make this happen! I would just like to say that after reading a lot of these I gotta thank the OP for putting this up. While it went totally batshit nuts after the original post it seems a lot of people have some very genuine issues going on and this may have just provided the venue for them to get help.  Getting something off your chest where people can help = Priceless! [deleted] If it was in the guest room, it was the guest vibrator. She wanted you to use it, and probably had cameras set up. Indeed. All considerate hosts should keep an assortment of erotic accessories for any such unexpected urges of their guests. She should really be ashamed for not having proper lubrication or condoms. To learn more, read chapter nine in Back Door Chivalry; The modern swinger's guide to etiquette and technique. The book Oprah said "You can't put down, even when you're getting down".  And when a 60 year old woman posts in this thread about the time she set up secret cameras and watched a man pound his asshole with a vibrator, the thread will be complete. What's the name of the booze? I'm a senior in high school at the moment. In sophmore year, I came out to all my close girl friends, and am now very very close to all of them. I've slept in the same bed with them, dressed and undressed with them, even took a shower once with one of them.  I'm not actually gay, and just came out so that I could see them naked. My entire group of friends would completely shun me for life if they ever found out. Were they suspicious when you were showering with a huge erection? I hate my SO. She makes me feel like crap on a regular basis. She childish and always blames her issues on the people around her, and for years when we've gotten into fights, or I'm trying to unload something she shifts the blame back on me, or berates me or calls me wimp or such. Multiple years of this have sapped all of my self confidence and cost me multiple friends. I feel like I can't address this or anything relating to her because it will upset her. I'm aware that our relationship has and will ruin my life but I don't have anything else in my life that is solid, and because we have built a life together. Please consider the possibility that it is this way because of her. Having your confidence crushed every single day will obviously hinder you from progressing your own life. You need to dump her, now. I'm now finished my first year of university. In the fall, my funds quickly dried up even though my parents earn a combined salary of about $200, 000 a year. My brother's become the talk of our tiny town because he has earned a full ride to play lacrosse in the USA (I'm Canadian). My parents spend every penny on making sure he's properly tutored, in the right equipment, and though I am sincerely overjoyed for him, this year changed my life. So by November, all my credit was gone. I worked every single day on top of school but I still could barely afford phone bills; I stole food from roommates and grocery stores when I got the chance. When things got real bad, I put an ad on craigslist. I sold the biggest part of myself for the paper nasty men had in their back pockets. It was the worst I have ever felt as I was sexually abused when I was younger and even sex with my boyfriend is difficult to handle emotionally. I advertised essentially to older men, married men and everyone in between. My biggest fear is that anyone in my family or my boyfriend of two years will find out about this disgusting chapter in my life. It dropped me into severe depression which I still take medication for. I cry when I think about going back this September.  I have herpes. I know that doesn't sound like anything particularly horrible after these devastating tales of incest, rape and other sad/terrible/morally ambiguous situations, but I feel like it has ruined my life. I feel trapped, like I will never find someone who could actually like me enough to see past it. No one knows. No one would even suspect. I'm quiet and nerdy, keep to myself, keep my nose clean, etc. But I am naive when it comes to guys. Or I was. A boyfriend in college didn't tell me and gave it to me... and then cut off contact when I "realized". I had only lost my virginity a year before that. I know it seems like nothing in comparison. I knows some would even find it funny. But you have no idea what it's done to me. It's destroyed me. I've considered suicide, its only been this past year where I don't want to walk to a nearby bridge and jump. I feel just... wasted.  Even if you're shy, you still at least have a chance with your crush or someone you like. With this, all my chances have dropped to zero. If you like someone, think about it... would you still like them, want to date them, if they had herpes? TLDR: Forever alone because some asshole gave me herpes. I have sex with my step mom when my dad isn't around. I'm junior in high school and its been going on for 6 months now. You step motherfucker. HEY-O! Interesting. Elaborate? sure. She pretty much married him for money, she spends it all on plastic surgery and shoes and clothes. My dad travels quite a bit for his job, so he is gone for several days at a time. I was watching netflix and she came in my room and sat next to me and started talking about all kinds of shit, how she missed being young bla bla bla - she's in her mid 30's or so. She offered me some pills - i've never done drugs of any kind, but i figured it would be ok since she was giving them to me. I got in weird mood, where i didn't care about anything, i just felt good and fuzzy inside. We laid down and cuddled a bit, i didn't have a care in the world at this points so i decided to try to kiss her. She didn't resist, we made out for a few minutes and then she decided we should stop. I fell asleep with her and several days later we ended up having sex on my dads bed. Now we have sex about 1 or 2 times a week, depending on my dads schedule.  Dude. This is bad news. I'm not being all moral high horse or anything, but both you and your dad have a serious problem. You've both got a masterful manipulator in your house. I'm not being all down on your for sleeping with her or anything - but now she has leverage over you and your relationship with your dad.  This woman is trouble. She may destroy your fathers life, and maybe even your own. She will have no trouble doing this if she gets backed into a corner and can save her ass by throwing you under a bus. Take care. The step-motherfucking games are all fine and dandy until we find out that bitch basically drugged this kid. That's a huge red flag. To save this boy's life, I will upvote you. I wasn't going to sign in today; I was wrong. Are you ok with this? Because if you were a girl, I'm sure I don't have to tell you that people would say you were being taken advantage of.  So I'm saying it - look, you're being taken advantage of.  Agreed. Can you say felony?   So ... she drugged a minor and has sex with him. If she's taking all your dad's money and she's guilty of statutory rape, then get her arrested and out of your lives. this guy.. what he said.. do that Well that doesn't sound legal  That kind of sounds like she drugged you and raped you.  Woah, you're definitely being taken advantage of. Holy shit. You're kind of a rape victim, dude... And not only sexing up her stepson, giving you drugs? And you're in middle school? Oh, Junior in high school, not in junior high school. Still. Tell an adult. I was going to make an Otacon joke, but you're too young to even get that, so you really need to tell an adult. That isn't, you know, her. so.. what were those pills? Definitely had to make a throwaway.. I have been sleeping with my step cousin for a while now, will sneak around with her every chance we get. We tried not to act on the feelings for a long time but we couldn't help it. Nobody but reddit knows now. I'm about three years older than her. There is no blood relation to be clear. Soo, yeah that would most def ruin me. Edit: met her 6 years ago when I was starting high school, things built up ever since. edit2: Lots of arrested development jokes, I was actually watching the series during this time so I did my best not to be as awkward as them. Also for everyone asking why its a secret, I suppose its friends finding out that were most scared of. And thanks everyone, had no idea people would all be okay with the idea of it. I've known for months. Damn, that sucks. Did you break your arm? Were you particularly frustrated about it? You don't feel bad for your dad? Is your step mother Lisa Ann, and are there cameras? TL,DR: Helped organize a fairly large drug ring spanning multiple countries, made shit loads of money, was almost caught and jailed and/or killed by foreign military under the control of a major trafficker, made it back alive, was never caught by authorities(or anyone else) and now live a normal life! Back in the mid to late 1990's I had a roommate that was from Amsterdam and we were really into smoking good bud so one year we decided to take a trip there for the cannabis cup.  While we were there I met a lot of his relatives and friends.  Some of these people were outright criminals which is pretty common in the Netherlands. Several of his close friends were drug dealers selling a variety of items including ecstasy. One night we felt like rolling so one of his friends came over with two huge bags full of pills and told us to grab a handful. So we took a bunch that night and had plenty left over to take back home with us.   Several friends back home offered to buy what we had left so we got rid of them.  Fast forward a few months and my roommate decided to go back home to Amsterdam for a holiday and I go with him.  We see the same guy again and I told him that we took some pills back with us and EVERYONE loved them and kept asking if they could get more. He replied, "You know, we can get some there if you know people who want them". Being the entrepreneur I am, we struck a deal and he gave us some pills to take back.   We made it back with no problems and the pills where gone in no time.  His friend was impressed at how quick they went so they wanted to send more.  We came up with ideas on how to get them here cost effectively and safely. We had some success with mailing them mixed in with large boxes of candy but because we kept having to increase the number of shipments and number of pills in each shipment they eventually started getting busted so we switched methods a few times and finally realized the most effective (and cheapest) way to do it was to have mules fly them in the country.  These mules were professionals and would stuff the pills in condoms, dip them in a solution, and swallow the condoms for the plane ride only to drink some solution upon arrival to a hotel to shit them out in a bucket.  Another method involved getting a tailor to sew pills in a vest that was worn underneath a coat.  This method worked quite well and was very cost efficient.  One mule could carry about 8,000 pills but it was more risky due to the random pat downs. Business was good. We were making a shit ton of cash and it was actually harder to get the cash out of the country than getting the pills here. I was really low key about letting anyone know what we were doing but my roommate loved to show off which started causing problems between us.  He was getting really fucked up almost every night and it was causing a severe lack of judgment on his part.  He loved the attention and eventually started hanging out with another crowd of people.  One of these guys (who had just gotten out of jail a few months before) got a call from some dude he knew who wanted a rather large quantity.  He goes to meet the guy and it's a set up.  So he gets busted along with all of our supply and it was going to be a few weeks before we got anything else so my roommate, in his delusional state, decided to fly back to Amsterdam to get bring some back himself.  He actually was so strung out at this point he decided to just duct tape a bag full to his inner thigh and fly back.  If that weren't enough he thought it was a good idea to take a couple of pills for the flight and needless to say he got busted.  His friends back in Amsterdam were not too happy about the situation.  They contacted me saying how his desire to be a big shot was putting the whole thing in jeopardy and wanted me to take over things.  So we decided while he was in jail awaiting court hearing for a bond that I'd take over but they would keep sending him a small amount to keep him satisfied but he wasnt to know that I was carrying on the business.  I had a few friends in different cities that I trusted so we expanded and the business just kept getting bigger and bigger.  Eventually I contacted another friend who had been living in another country partying for a few years, lets call him Mike.  He happened to be very good friends with some guy whose dad was a major trafficker.  He said everything was set up and as long as the quality was good they would jump at the opportunity because X was hard to come by there. So we set up a meeting and have a mule bring a vest full of pills there.  While sitting with Mike at his buddy's dads "compound", it finally hit me how large this had became.  I mean, I was at a huge compound (which had a private zoo) with dozens of armed guards with the son of one of the most powerful traffickers in the hemisphere and if everything went well I would have more money than I ever imagined possible in my entire life.  This was like some shit out of a movie! They liked the pills and my friends buddy, who Ill call Steve, was going to talk to his dad the next day.  We didnt hear from Steve the next day or the following day.  We decide to go to a different city about two hours away and I go to my Mikes to pick him up and I found him there completely out of his fucking mind. He had been up all night eating ridiculous amounts of pills and had been wondering around the hotel with no shirt on, sweating his ass off, and babbling to himself with a crazy look in his huge dilated eyes. The hotel staff was concerned and I had to get him out of there before they called the police.  He was so fucked up that when we checked out and was walking out of his room the bell hop just handed me a huge freezer bag full of pills and said You forgot these.  Needless to say he got the best tip of his life. I knew I couldnt let the guys from Amsterdam see him like this so I checked him into a different hotel, took the pills with me, and came up with an excuse as to why we couldnt leave that day.  Meanwhile, my roommate somehow gets wind of the fact that we are all out of the country working on some deal and he was left in the dark. Of course he is beyond furious.  All this starts stressing me out but what I didnt realize was the real fun hadnt even begun.   The following day my friend was finally starting to get back to a normal frame of mind and we go to catch a bus, with the pills on us, and just after we buy our tickets we round the corner to get on the bus and see military police searching everyone as they are boarding the bus.  My friend and his girlfriend both say at the same time something to the effect of something isnt right, this never happens.  Were in a line and if we turn around and walk out it will look suspicious. So I whisper to my friend to just follow my lead and act like he is taking care of me.  So I bend over and shove my finger down my throat and make myself puke and make a loud violent noise so everyone can see Im sick.  I immediately turn around and act like Im about to throw up again and run back into the bus station holding my hand over my mouth like Im going to the bathroom, but instead jump in the closest taxi and haul ass out of there.  We take the most expensive taxi ride of my life to a city that is two hours away all the while discussing how fucked up that situation was and how odd it was for the military to be there searching everyone.  It was like they knew something.   Anyway, so we get to the town and track down one of the traffickers cousins who tells us that when Steve went to talk to his dad about the opportunity, his dad flipped the fuck out and did not want him involved in that line of business. He told us to watch our back because his dad wanted to see us. Steves dad was a very, very powerful guy and not someone you wanted to piss off unless you had a death wish.  So Steves dad sent Steve away somewhere and we had no way whatsoever to contact him.  We know his dad is tied in with the police and factions of the military so we conclude that the incident at the bus station was the work of Steves dad so now we are afraid for our lives.  Plus we are stuck with thousands upon thousands of pills and have no fucking clue what to do. So we hide out and lay low for a couple of days trying to sell the pills to someone else. We cant get anything to pan out and it feels like some of these people are just trying to rob us, while others may have connections with Steves dad and we dont want him to find us.  I get more paranoid with every passing minute and we switch hotels daily with the quality of the place getting worse and worse until we finally ended up literally staying in a whore house and every time I hear a women scream I immediately think someone has found us. So I start feeling sick one afternoon and so does everyone else.  Im so paranoid at this point I thought we were all poisoned. So I gather enough strength to get out of bed, tell Mike and the guys from Amsterdam I need to get to a doctor, grab my bag and take a taxi to the nearest airport.  I took the first flight back home, go see a doctor the next day (ended up I had a bad case of food poisoning), and never spoke to any of those guys again. I finished college and am now a successful business professional.   Im amazed at the lessons that period in my life taught me and how often those lessons come in handy in the business world. In retrospect, it was good that it ended the way it did because I would have surely ended up in jail or dead had I continued that lifestyle.  Thankfully I never went to jail or was even questioned so there is nothing on my record. My roommate was not so lucky and I read a news article where he served three years in federal prison.  Ive never told this story to anyone, and even if I did theyd never believe me.  This secret could ruin several lives-- not just mine. I was a rebellious kid and never got along with my family or anyone from my hometown so I ran off from home as soon as I hit 18. Using IRC friends / acquaintances, I couch surfed for almost a year before coming across a business opportunity in California. I settled down and began a serious relationship with a woman named "May". I dated May for 3 and a half years and they were some of the best years of my life, but after awhile she wanted more and I wanted less and we broke up. Fast forward 6 years and I get a call from my little brother saying he's getting married and despite my absence, he wanted me to be his best man. I fly home two weeks before the wedding and that night at dinner my brother introduced me to my old girlfriend May-- his fiance. Although it was awkward, we both ignored the fact we knew each other... real SAP shit. My brother gets pulled away for something or another and I finally get to speak to May. We start a conversation that took us from the kitchen, out to the deck, and down the path to an old, dried up pond at the edge of my parent's property. It was like all of the good times from the 3 years of dating her were consolidated into that conversation... everything just clicked. The rush of emotion was unlike anything I've ever felt and it was the same for May. And despite being all sorts of evil, we took off all our clothes and fucked like rabbits on the old dock. Over the next couple days I went over to my brother's apartment while he was at work. We fucked all over everything... the couch, his bed, even the bathroom floor. All unprotected. A week passed and the rush of emotion subsided and I came to my sense-- and although we both wanted more, we decided to stop seeing each other. The wedding went off without issue despite the best man feeling like a complete demon... I just wanted to get back on a plane to California as soon as possible. And after wishing the happy couple on their way, that's just what I did.  Now here's where things get interesting. 5 months after the wedding May calls me... she's pregnant. She tells me that her and my brother didn't have sex(due to irrelevant issues) from a month before the wedding to the honeymoon, 3 days after the wedding. The kid is mine. I'm not an expert on the reproductive system... or math... so I'm relying on what May has told me but she seems convinced. We both decide to pretend my brother is the father.  The kid's 1st birthday is coming up and I still don't know if I made the right choice but I speak with my brother often and he seems happy... and I'm fine with that... Ignorance is bliss :(. I cut some things out as the story was getting pretty long as it is. But Holy shit this was a cathartic experience. Tl;dr My little brother married my ex girlfriend, We rekindled our relationship before the wedding and she gets pregnant with my baby and to this day my brother has no idea we even knew each other before the wedding. I am a terrible person. And that's not even the dickish part This really isn't anything that bad, and I don't really think it would ruin my life, but I feel very uncomfortable about this. I have a 'mild' case of Psoriasis, it's on a few parts of my skin but is very light, but there is one particular spot that it isn't normal. I have Psoriasis all over my crotch, mainly around the balls. It is basically like a rash that never goes away. Every night, it gets very itchy and I peel the skin of and scratch like crazy, sometimes causing it to bleed slightly. It's almost like a drug for me. I take fish oil and go tanning because it is supposed to help, and it seems to help every area except my crotch, I'm assuming this is because I am constantly picking the skin off. Edit: Just so you know, I have had this since I was about 8, and it is not an STD. I got sucked off by a guy at a party, then sucked him off. Only gay experience, am now engaged.
Have to say, was fun but not quite my cup of tea. Glad I gave it a shot.
Won't be telling the fiancee about that. When I was a kid my bedroom was attached to a back door to get in and out of the house. People frequently used it even though you had to go through my room since it was convenient. One afternoon during the summer I was taking a nap on my bed. I woke up and one of my little sister's friends who was 10 or 11 years old was sitting on the bed with me. I was wearing shorts but I had a boner and she was lightly touching it through the shorts. When she saw I was awake she jumped but i grabbed hold of her hand. We sat there for a minute until I pulled my shorts down and guided her in giving me a hand job. After I came she just left the room and that was that. I felt pretty terrible about it since she was still so young and had no idea what was going on or what she was doing, but I was also an insanely horny 15 year old that had never even kissed a girl so I took advantage. 3 weeks later my parents were out and the only people home were my little sister who was playing with that same friend and another friend she had who was 12. After the hand job from before I had fantasized about it happening again so I simply walked into the room they were in while wearing shorts but sporting a obvious boner. The 12 year old friend cracked up at first then wanted me to show it. I had my little sister leave(at least I did that...) After that I basically guided them into giving me oral sex and letting me touch them. After that nothing else ever happened and I never heard anything about it or told anyone. I feel terrible about it. I've kind of rationalized it by saying I was still super young myself. I was still a child not fully aware of what I was doing, but at the same time I WAS aware. I knew about sex and I knew they didn't know what I was doing and I took advantage of their curiosity and innocence. I think the girl who was 12 was on a similar level as me, but the other girl definitely wasn't. Anyway... the whole thing makes me feel sick now. Just a quick yell. Thank you everyone for the help. I went to MC today and damn that was tough. Broke it off with the one I was cheating on and I start my counciling on Friday. so here's to life and that it may get better oh and I'll take a water. THIS. NEEDS. ITS OWN. SUBREDDIT. /r/offmychest  was disappoint when i discovered /r/onmychest didn't exist Have you been to /r/confession? I am a closet atheist living in Pakistan if this comes out all my friends and family will most probably turn against me or worse My military career has been the bane of my existance and biggest regret of my life. A part of my life that in large part has been kept from my wife, and has made me feel extremely undeserving of my family and daughter making it very difficult for me to have a relationship with her. I served four years as active duty army in a combat career field. I enlisted fresh out of highschool with the motivation of a family legacy behind me and a strong desire to follow in my father's footsteps and to do what i felt a noble thing (at the time, i didnt entirely see it for what it was)  In my four years i served two tours over seas, one to afghanistan and my second to iraq. I found myself stupid to the ways of the world, 19 years old in the middle of a place not quite like hell but you could certainly see it from there wondering what i'd gotten myself into.  In a moment were my unit had stopped briefly to survey and secure an area a child approached our vehicles, not uncommon as we were frequently greeted by children who wanted MRE's, candy, etc. but this time, the child approximately 6-8 years in age approached alone, and with a SFC screaming across me (i standing betwen him and the child not giving him a 'safe' line of fire) to shoot him, i at the time not more than a child myself (i still tell everyone im a grown ass kid.) could not fathom or understand why i needed to shoot this child. It just didn't calculate, in the time i hesitated he was able to throw a grenade into one of our vehicles, severly injuring three of my unit and breaking my hesitation and momentary daze, i shot him.  I was told by other superiors id did what was expected and required of me, but just moments too late. To this day, i see his face. I have nightmares frequently of that place and at times wake up with same feeling stinging of the sun beating down on me, and the smell of that place all too real however most of my nightmares are of that child. Ive told my wife none of this, she knows i served in the army but that's mostly all she knows of it i never told her of my deployments and plan never to do so for fear of what she'll think of me when i already think myself a monster. When my wife told me she was pregnant, it was the happiest id ever been in my life, and nine months later when i first held my daughter i did not feel over whelmed with joy. I was wracked with grief and guilt and this undeserving feeling. When i hold her, i know i should have no place in her life, nor know the joy of being a father because ive taken that from another and cant justify to myself that i should be blessed with her after having taken someone elses son from them. To have and enjoy a feeling that ive robbed someone else of us breaks my heart and makes me frequently think id be better to her as a life insurance policy than a father.  TL:DR I killed a kid while deployed and hate myself for it, holding my daughter makes me feel like a monster and i'll never tell my wife completely what i've done. EDITTED: Typos. Just cause... Depression Hotline: 1-630-482-9696 Suicide Hotline: 1-800-784-8433 LifeLine: 1-800-273-8255 Trevor Project: 1-866-488-7386 Sexuality Support: 1-800-246-7743 Eating Disorders Hotline: 1-847-831-3438 Rape and Sexual Assault: 1-800-656-4673 Grief Support: 1-650-321-5272 Runaway: 1-800-843-5200, 1-800-843-5678, 1-800-621-4000 Exhale: After Abortion Hotline/Pro-Voice: 1-866-4394253 Call if you need them. Please? This might be a bit late, but anyway; In case anyone needs it, Australian version: Depression Hotline (Beyond Blue): 1300 22 4636 Depression Hotline alternate (Kid's Helpline): 1800 55 1800 Suicide Hotline (LifeLine): 13 11 14 Sexuality Support (Sexual Health Australia): 0404 267 559 Pregnancy Healthline  (Pregnancy Help Australia): 1300 655 156 Eating Disorders Hotline (Eating Disorders Victoria): 1300 550 236 Rape and Sexual Assault (1800RESPECT): 1800 737 732 Grief Support (Aus Centre for Grief and Bereavement): 1300 664 786 Alcoholic Support (Alcoholics Anonymous Australia): 1300 22 22 22 Wish there was a UK version of the above :( There are. Here are a few: Suicide/depression hotline: 08457 90 90 90 Abuse/emotional support: 01708 765200 Rape crisis: 0808 802 9999 Abortion/pregnancy: 0800 028 2228 Bereaving care: 0808 808 1677 Sexuality help: 020 7837 7324 Sex education: 0800 28 29 30 Emergency Services, in case you need picked up by an attractive ambulance driver : 0118 999 881 999 119 725 3 I'm a (mostly) straight girl and my first ever real kiss was with another girl in 7th grade. We were having a sleepover and decided to make out to see what it would be like, and that we'd just pretend we were eachother's (boy) crushes. This girl was my best friend at the time, but kinda crazy in a nympho sort of way. After we made out she told me she masturbated with her curling iron and that it was amazing and I should try it. We lay next to each other on her twin sized bed and she talked dirty to me pretending to be my (boy) crush while I masturbated with her curling iron. Yeah those were some weird times...  EDIT: the curling iron was definitely not on. Also, I guess this really wouldn't be life ruining, just sort of social-life ruining but since hs is over I guess it's not that big of a deal. All the other REALLY fucked up shit in this thread has made me feel alot better about this, haha.  I'm assuming it was off. Some like it hot. I kinda have a relevant story. Me and 3 friends used to stay at each others house overnight every weekend. One night we all watched porn and later one of them just openly said "I'm gonna jerk off". Another friend replied "Well if you're going to, I am too". Me and the other friend were reluctant so we just sorta allowed them to jerk off in their corners of the room and that was that. The next weekend it happened again and I just sorta laid there trying to ignore the simultaneous jerking of three people (other friend gave in and just jerked off). Just to be clear, none of us did it together. They just sorta said "Need to jerk off, so I'm gonna go do this over there and I'll see you guys in like 15 minutes".  Welp, I'm the only one that didn't want to, and when they were done I just said "Don't you guys think this is kinda weird?". They just said no, and one who hadn't cleaned up lunged at me with his jizz-covered hand. He very nearly got his jizz on my face. ?_? I woke up a couple weeks later with a pantsed boner approaching my mouth. Everyone was laughing at my friend trying to insert his penis into my mouth. It's bad enough someone trying to mouthrape you in your sleep, but also learning you friend has a much bigger dick than you. nice try butters This is life ruining? This is most of my childhood/teen years. Minus the curling iron, specifically.  I would hug everyone in this thread, even if my arms fell off halfway through.
hughughughughughughughughughughughughughughug [deleted] I was sexually assaulted, but I let it happen. I could have gotten up and walked away any time, but I just laid there. I said no plenty of times, but for some reason I didn't think to do anything besides that. 
I still am afraid of what people can do to me.  Fuck. Came to the party late, but I've got some big ones. *Never graduated high school. I have a great job in a very technical field, married, and hang out with educated crowds. Everybody assumes I did, nobody has bothered to check. *I have terrible credit. I have debts from 10 years ago that I never paid off. My wife doesn't know. *I'm attracted to men, and recently the desire to cheat on my wife with a man is getting stronger and stronger. Haven't mentioned it to a soul. *I was sexually abused by an older friend of the family when I was 9 or 10. I didn't know that what he did to me was wrong, so I tried some of the things out with my little sister, who was about 7. It wasn't malicious or intended to be sexual, but it wen't way beyond the bounds of appropriate, and was likely traumatic. [deleted] That.  Is a truly blood chilling story.   Edit:  due to popular demand, the short version of the story that was deleted.  Basically, it was from a guy who grew up with an abusive father.  That same father was having a heart attack and was immobilized in a recliner.  The son took the phone away and stood over the dad and watched him die. Do you regret it? That would just be a riveting scene to see in a movie. [deleted] I've stolen at least 90% of the clothes I currently wear. I can afford to buy it, but I choose not to. My family and girlfriend all think I spend too much money on clothes but they have no idea.   My brother committed suicide in 1994, shortly thereafter I intercepted a letter to my parents from his girlfriend. She was pregnant and wanted them to know and asked if they wanted to be in the babies life.  I burned the letter and have never told them. She never contacted them again and I did so many drugs that I buried that secret deep in my subconscious.  I know this will probably be lost in the hundreds of comments but I'm just a random person who is willing to talk to anyone who needs it. I will be there for anyone of you need it. I've been through some stuff too so maybe I can relate but do not hesitate to send me a message or anything if you need someone. Hopefully this reaches someone who needs it  My mom sort of molested me as a kid. I can't remember if she touched me but she would come in my room and talk about sex and be a 'sex educator'. She took showers with me a few times when I was like 10 or so. and then I would masturbate by climbing this pole and she would watch me and not say anything. Its not really being molested but its definitely not normal. I've never told anyone this.  Talking to my dad about why he molested me when I was 13 would absolutely DESTROY ME. I love him more than anyone else on this earth and I feel like our relationship would never recover if we talked honestly. It's embarrassing but I'm more worried about the potential awkwardness of a serious conversation than, well, being raped. :( After spending about 2 hours reading these posts, I'm about 95% sure that Rob Kardashian fucked every single one of his sisters. I'd imagine no one will read this since the thread has been going on for quite some time now, but here you go:
Right now I am a freshman in high school and I've been bullied almost every day since middle school. This year, the bullying got worse. During my county fair in the summer I realized that I was falling for one of my gay friends, his name was Austin. I realized quickly that I was bisexual (not gay; I still like women.) He was a grade above me so I didnt get to see him very often in school so I had to try and make friends with some people in my grade. I made a huge mistake: trusting someone who I called a "friend" and pouring my heart out to them. I told them everything about me: the fact that I was bisexual, I had a boyfriend and I even told them that I had given him a blowjob. Knowing women, she instantly told all of her other "friends." Within a week, everyone made fun of me and called me "queer" "fuckin faggot" "homo" "gay" and everything else. Even people I didn't know. The entire time I just denied everything. That was about 8 months ago and people still make fun of me and I can't say anything to deny it. Still some nights I'm filled with tears because I can't do anything. I can't tell my parents because I come from a very religious family and I still go to church every week even though I dont really believe in God anymore.  Tldr; Made the mistake of telling a "friend" I was bi and is being made fun of by the entire school. Thank you for reading Reddit. I had to tell someone. I'm only even posting this because this thread has taken off so far that nobody will even see it. Going to get it off my chest anyway. Throughout my teen years, I had a lot of sex with my sister and even more sex with my brother. It started with my sister (we are a year apart) in our early teens and was only mutual oral and handjobs. Went on for about two years, maybe once or twice a month. I started getting scared that it would turn into something more serious and that we would eventually fuck. I was certain that if that happened, she would get pregnant with a deformed baby, so I decided on both of our behalves to end it. Then my brother and I started up. At first, just oral, but eventually turned into full blown, unprotected, cum-into-each-other's-asses buttfucking. We fucked each other at least once a week for four years until I moved out and went to college. I didn't feel the same trepidation as with my sister because there was no risk of pregnancy. I consider myself bisexual, not because I'm a closeted gay, but because I am sexually attracted to both genders. I watch straight porn, gay porn, lesbian porn, solo guys, solo girls, mixed group play, it all gets me off. Today, myself, my sister and my brother are in our thirties, we are all in monogamous marriages, and all three marriages have produced children. My sister knows about me and my brother, and my brother knows about me and my sister. I've never told anyone else and I have no idea if they've ever told anyone, because we've never discussed it since it ended. We all still love each other and get along. I am a city councilman, a business owner, and an active member of the LDS church. I disagree with the church's stance on sexuality, but I never voice this disagreement. If anyone ever knew this, it would literally undo everything I have achieved in my adult life. There is no way I could verify or prove the authenticity of this without jeopardizing myself, so you'll just have to believe or disbelieve me, that's your prerogative. I might hit close on my browser before I press post. If you're reading this, I at least had the balls to anonymously get it off my chest. TL;DR Had consensual, oral sex with my one-year-younger sister repeatedly for two years, then oral and anal sex with two-years-younger brother for three years. All three of us are now in monogamous, heterosexual marriages with children. I am a city councilman, a business owner, and all of my immediate relatives including myself are active Mormons. EDIT: Because it's been asked and answered nearly a billion times, I have no idea if my sister and brother also fucked each other. What I do know is that my brother knew about my prior messing around with my sister, and my sister found out that my brother and I were fucking each other about a year before I moved out. After I left for college, they both lived at home for another two years, so I suppose anything is possible. While we all get along just fine, neither of them has ever discussed that part of the past with me since the day I moved out. I don't regret what happened, nor do I feel guilty or ashamed of it, but out of respect to each of them, their spouses and their families, I've never brought it up. If one of them ever brings it up with me, I will be happy to discuss it, and if it seems appropriate, I might inquire whether the two of them ever messed around with each other. Okay okay I'll post. I need to get this off my chest and it's now or never. 
I was a very messed up and curious child. My curiosity mostly was about sexual things and this eventually led me to experiment with my brother who is 4 years younger than me. I'm a female for reference. This went on from the time that I was about 8 to when I was 13. I eventually began feeling so guilty about it that I became really depressed. My brother and I decided to tell my mom one day because we both knew that it was wrong and couldn't live with the guilt for very much longer. She was definitely not happy when she found out. I tried to kill myself that night when she found out but was unsuccessful. My mom ended up taking me to a mental hospital where I stayed for about a week until she decided that it was doing more harm than good. She had a lot of trouble getting me out of there because I had to go into the state's care or something like that. All the therapists in the hospital that I talked to said that I would never be able to return home because of what I had done.  I started cutting and hanging out with the wrong group of kids after I got out. I was always a really good kid in school and never got in trouble until after all this happened. I got suspended from school, got even more depressed, and just wasn't my normal happy self anymore. This was just middle school. I was constantly having flashbacks and panic attacks from what happened with my brother to the point where I couldn't sleep at night and I couldn't stand to be around him. I couldn't even hug him properly without feeling terrible or sick until about two years ago. I saw a therapist for a little while but she never brought up what happened with my brother for some reason.  I was fine throughout high school but I still retained my curiosity about sex. I lied and told the first guy that I had ever been with that I was a virgin and he took my "virginity" in 9th grade. He used me to get back at his girlfriend that he had just broken up with 4 days before. Of course, I didn't know this until a huge scandal broke out about me. I dated normally after that and didn't really have any other problems until I graduated high school.  The summer after I graduated high school, my dad committed suicide. I was completely devastated. I fell back into a state of depression and was very isolated from my brother. He was coping with things by smoking and drinking a lot, even though he was just in middle school at the time. My relationship with my brother has really never been the same after everything happened. I guess my other secret is that I have a huge ageplay fetish and I'm secretly obsessed with lolicon. My dad was never a huge part of my life because he lived all the way across the country. I saw him as more of a friend who I would go to for advice. I really want a "daddy" figure somewhere in my life. My boyfriend completely hates this idea and was a bit disgusted when I expressed my feelings about it but he decided that he wanted to act as somewhat of an older brother to me because that really turned him on. I don't know how comfortable I feel about this because of what happened with my younger brother.  I can't believe I just typed all of that. I feel so much better now.   First of all, I am female. When I was younger (Grades 2 & 3), I used to make out with all 3 of my older female cousins. I was very sexually aware at that age, and I've always been baffled by how that came to be. I found out a couple years ago that I have 3 times the level of testosterone than the average female (I am now 17), and that might explain why. I'm not too sure. Anyways, it all started with my oldest cousin. We'd make out in her room whenever we got a chance, with tongue and slight ass-grabbing. I remember us almost getting caught a couple of times, but (thankfully) we didn't. Shortly after this started, I began making out with my second oldest cousin. I can't for the life of me remember how that came about. But I recall plenty of dry humping and the like, and I ended up knowing how to masturbate by the age of 7. My third oldest cousin found out about all of this, and needless to say, we started making out whenever I'd go over to her house. We talked about sex a fair bit, and we were quite knowledgeable about the subject in a years time. There was this one day that I was over at her house and she told me that she and our oldest cousin were making out (we preferred to call it "house"). I had this incredible feeling of jealousy in the pit of my stomach - it was as if I had just found out that my significant other was cheating on me. I think that might be why I get jealous so easily now. I have a feeling that my bisexuality stems from these encounters that we all had with each other. But anyways, it's all  over, and I am quite close with all of them, despite being 4 hours away now. We haven't spoken of it since the last time it happened, which was over 9-10 years ago. Man, that feels good to get off my chest. 